History of discord.
The goal of Discord is to give people the opportunity to create a place where they feel welcome. We want you to always be able to communicate with those who are dear to you. We want you to build real relationships with friends and communities, whether they're next door or halfway around the world. Originality, reliability, clarity, and fun are the values that unite our users and Discord staff.
Prologue.
Discord was created to help solve one important problem - giving people the opportunity to communicate with friends from all over the world while playing online. Since childhood, the company's founders, Jason Citron and Stan Wisniewski, have been united by a love of video games, as well as respect for the friends and acquaintances they made while playing. At that time, all available methods of communication were slow, unreliable and complex. But Jason and Stan knew they could make a great service that would help gamers connect, create memorable moments, and encourage camaraderie.
Chapter first.
And so in 2015, Stan and Jason started working on Discord. The service instantly gained recognition from many users from all over the world. Discord allowed you to truly communicate with your friends, and not just exchange a few words with them. People were able to stay connected to different communities. Discord has given users the ability to easily participate in conversations by quickly switching between text, voice and video chats. The technology was complex, but the goal was simple: make Discord an inviting and welcoming home for your communities and friends. As the years passed, Discord's popularity grew, and loyal fans of our product began to appear all over the world.
What have we achieved so far?
Today, Discord is used by completely different communities: from travel clubs to art and educational groups. Millions of users spend at least 4 hours a day communicating with friends and communities. Discord has become a place where people from all over the world communicate and build relationships. Discord gave Jason and Stan a chance to find their place in the sun - now it's your turn.