Release year is 1907, title is Daniel Boone, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace McCutcheon and Ediwin S. Porter, cast is William Craven, Florence Lawrence, genre is biographical. Release year is 1907, title is Laughing Gas, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin Stanton Porter, cast is Bertha Regustus, Edward Boulden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1908, title is The Adventures of Dollie, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Arthur V. Johnson, Linda Arvidson, genre is drama. Release year is 1908, title is The Black Viper, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is D. W. Griffith, genre is drama. Release year is 1908, title is A Calamitous Elopement, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Harry Solter, Linda Arvidson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1908, title is The Call of the Wild, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Charles Inslee, genre is adventure. Release year is 1908, title is The Fight for Freedom, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Florence Auer, John G. Adolfi, genre is western. Release year is 1909, title is At the Altar, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Marion Leonard, genre is drama. Release year is 1909, title is A Drunkard's Reformation, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Arthur V. Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1910, title is An Arcadian Maid, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Mary Pickford, Mack Sennett, genre is drama. Release year is 1910, title is The House with Closed Shutters, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Henry B. Walthall, genre is drama. Release year is 1910, title is A Lad from Old Ireland, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Olcott, cast is Sidney Olcott, Gene Gauntier, Thomas O'Connor, genre is drama. Release year is 1910, title is Ramona, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Mary Pickford, Henry B. Walthall, genre is drama. Release year is 1911, title is The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Apfel, cast is Charles Ogle, Natalie Jerome, genre is drama. Release year is 1911, title is Brown of Harvard, ethnicity is American, director is Colin Campbell, cast is Edgar G. Wynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1911, title is David Copperfield, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore Marston, cast is Marie Eline, Florence La Badie, Mignon Anderson, William Russell, genre is drama. Release year is 1911, title is Sweet Memories, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas H. Ince, cast is Mary Pickford, King Baggot, genre is drama. Release year is 1912, title is Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, ethnicity is American, director is Lucius Henderson, cast is James Cruze, genre is horror. Release year is 1912, title is The Musketeers of Pig Alley, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Elmer Booth, Lillian Gish, genre is drama. Release year is 1912, title is Put Yourself in His Place, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore Marston, cast is William Garwood, Marguerite Snow, genre is drama. Release year is 1913, title is Barney Oldfield's Race for a Life, ethnicity is American, director is Mack Sennett, cast is Mack Sennett, Mabel Normand, Ford Sterling, Barney Oldfield, genre is comedy. Release year is 1913, title is Cohen Saves the Flag, ethnicity is American, director is Mack Sennett, cast is Ford Sterling, Mabel Normand, genre is comedy. Release year is 1913, title is Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon and Carl Laemmle, cast is King Baggot, genre is horror. Release year is 1913, title is The Evidence of the Film, ethnicity is American, director is Lawrence Marston, Edwin Thanhouser, cast is William Garwood, Marie Eline, genre is crime. Release year is 1913, title is The Quakeress, ethnicity is American, director is Raymond B. West, cast is Louise Glaum, genre is drama. Release year is 1913, title is The Restless Spirit, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is J. Warren Kerrigan, Pauline Bush, genre is drama. Release year is 1913, title is The Telephone Girl and the Lady, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Mae Marsh, Claire McDowell, genre is drama. Release year is 1914, title is The Avenging Conscience, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Henry B. Walthall, Blanche Sweet, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1914, title is The Battle of the Sexes, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Donald Crisp, Lilian Gish, genre is drama. Release year is 1914, title is Brewster's Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Apfel, Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Edward Abeles, Sydney Deane, Joseph Singleton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is A Busy Day, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Mack Swain, Phyllis Allen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is The Call of the North, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Apfel, Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Robert Edeson, Theodore Roberts, genre is adventure. Release year is 1914, title is Captain Alvarez, ethnicity is American, director is Rollin S. Sturgeon, cast is Edith Storey, William Desmond Taylor, George Holt, genre is historical drama. Release year is 1914, title is Caught in a Cabaret, ethnicity is American, director is Mabel Normand, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Mabel Normand, Edgar Kennedy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Caught in the Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Mack Swain, Alice Davenport, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Cinderella, ethnicity is American, director is James Kirkwood, cast is Mary Pickford, Owen Moore, Isobel Vernon, genre is fantasy drama. Release year is 1914, title is Cruel, Cruel Love, ethnicity is American, director is George Nichols and Mack Sennett, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Edgar Kennedy, Minta Durfee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Dough and Dynamite, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Chester Conklin, Fritz Schade, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is The Escape, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Donald Crisp, Blanche Sweet, Mae Marsh, genre is drama. Release year is 1914, title is Gentlemen of Nerve, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Mabel Normand, Chester Conklin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Getting Acquainted, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Mabel Normand, Phyllis Allen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is His Father's Rifle, ethnicity is American, director is Edward LeSaint, cast is Earle Foxe, Bertram Grassby, genre is drama. Release year is 1914, title is Home, Sweet Home, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Earle Foxe, Henry B. Walthall, Dorothy Gish, genre is biographical drama. Release year is 1914, title is The Knockout, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Avery, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Fatty Arbuckle, Edgar Kennedy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Laughing Gas, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Fritz Schade, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Mabel at the Wheel, ethnicity is American, director is Mabel Normand, Mack Sennett, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Mabel Normand, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Mabel's Blunder, ethnicity is American, director is Mabel Normand, cast is Mabel Normand, Charly Chase, Al St. John, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Mabel's Married Life, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Mabel Normand, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Mabel's Strange Predicament, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Lehrman, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Mabel Normand, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Making a Living, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Lehrman, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Virginia Kirtley, Alice Davenport, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is The Masquerader, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Fatty Arbuckle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Neptune's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Annette Kellerman, William E. Shay, William Welsh, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1914, title is The New Janitor, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Jess Dandy, John T. Dillon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is The Perils of Pauline, ethnicity is American, director is Louis J. Gasnier, cast is Pearl White, genre is adventure serial. Release year is 1914, title is The Property Man, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Phyllis Allen, Alice Davenport, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Rose of the Rancho, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Bessie Barriscale, Jane Darwell, Jeanie MacPherson, genre is western. Release year is 1914, title is The Rounders, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Fatty Arbuckle, Phyllis Allen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Salomy Jane, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Beatriz Michelena, House Peters, genre is western. Release year is 1914, title is Should a Woman Divorce?, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin McKim, cast is Lea Leland, Leonid Samoloff, genre is drama. Release year is 1914, title is The Squaw Man, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Apfel, Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Dustin Farnum, genre is western. Release year is 1914, title is Those Love Pangs, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Chester Conklin, Cecile Arnold, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is Tillie's Punctured Romance, ethnicity is American, director is Mack Sennett, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Marie Dressler, Mabel Normand, Keystone Kops, genre is comedy. Release year is 1914, title is The Wrath of the Gods, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Barker, cast is Sessue Hayakawa, Tsuru Aoki, Frank Borzage, genre is drama. Release year is 1915, title is After Five, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Edward Abeles, Sessue Hayakawa, genre is comedy. Release year is 1915, title is Anna Karenina, ethnicity is American, director is J. Gordon Edwards, cast is Betty Nansen and Edward José, genre is historical drama. Release year is 1915, title is Birth of a Nation, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Lillian Gish, Mae Marsh, genre is epic. Release year is 1915, title is The Captive, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Blanche Sweet, House Peters, genre is historical. Release year is 1915, title is Carmen, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Geraldine Farrar, Wallace Reid, genre is adventure. Release year is 1915, title is The Champion, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charles Chaplin, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1915, title is The Cheat, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Fannie Ward, Sessue Hayakawa, genre is drama. Release year is 1915, title is Chimmie Fadden Out West, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Victor Moore, genre is comedy, western. Release year is 1915, title is Enoch Arden, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Alfred Paget, Lillian Gish, genre is drama. Release year is 1915, title is A Fool There Was, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Powell, cast is Theda Bara, Edward Jose, genre is drama. Release year is 1915, title is Four Feathers, ethnicity is American, director is J. Searle Dawley, cast is Edgar L. Davenport, Fuller Mellish, genre is drama. Release year is 1915, title is Fresh from the Farm, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1915, title is Giving Them Fits, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1915, title is The Italian, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Barker, cast is George Beban, Clara Williams, genre is drama. Release year is 1915, title is Love, Loot and Crash, ethnicity is American, director is Mack Sennett, cast is Charley Chase, Dora Rodgers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1915, title is Pool Sharks, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin Middleton, cast is W. C. Fields, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1915, title is The Raven, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Brabin, cast is Henry Walthall, genre is biography. Release year is 1915, title is The Soul of Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Valeska Suratt, genre is drama. Release year is 1915, title is The Toast of Death, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas H. Ince, cast is Louise Glaum, genre is drama. Release year is 1915, title is The Tramp, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charles Chaplin, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1915, title is The Warrens of Virginia, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Blanche Sweet, James Neill, genre is drama. Release year is 1915, title is Work, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charles Chaplin, Edna Purviance, genre is comedy. Release year is 1916, title is 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Paton, cast is Lois Alexander, Curtis Benton, Wallace Clarke, Allen Holubar, genre is action adventure. Release year is 1916, title is The Abandonment, ethnicity is American, director is Donald MacDonald, cast is Forrest Taylor, Harry von Meter, Helene Rosson, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is The Aryan, ethnicity is American, director is William S. Hart, cast is William S. Hart, Louise Glaum, Bessie Love, genre is western drama. Release year is 1916, title is The Bondman, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar Lewis, cast is William Farnum, Dorothy Bernard, L.O. Hart,, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is Civilization, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Barker, cast is Howard C. Hickman, Enid Markey, George Fisher, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is A Daughter of the Gods, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Annette Kellerman, Hal De Forrest, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is Divorce and the Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick Sullivan, cast is Florence La Badie, Edwin Stanley, Ethelmary Oakland, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is Fatty and Mabel Adrift, ethnicity is American, director is Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle, cast is Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle, Mabel Normand, genre is short comedy. Release year is 1916, title is The Fireman, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Edna Purviance, Lloyd Bacon, genre is short comedy. Release year is 1916, title is Hoodoo Ann, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Ingraham, cast is Mae Marsh, Robert Harron, genre is comedy–drama. Release year is 1916, title is Hulda from Holland, ethnicity is American, director is John B. O'Brien, cast is Mary Pickford, Frank Losee, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is Joan the Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Geraldine Farrar, genre is historical. Release year is 1916, title is Lights of New York, ethnicity is American, director is Van Dyke Brooke, cast is Leah Baird, Walter McGrail, Adele DeGarde, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is Lonesome Luke Leans to the Literary, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, Bebe Daniels, genre is short comedy. Release year is 1916, title is Madame X, ethnicity is American, director is George F. Marion, cast is Dorothy Donnelly, John Bowers, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is Manhattan Madness, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jewel Carmen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1916, title is One A.M., ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, genre is short comedy. Release year is 1916, title is The Other Side of the Door, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Ricketts, cast is Harold Lockwood, May Allison, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1916, title is Sherlock Holmes, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Berthelet, cast is William Gillette, Edward Fielding, genre is mystery. Release year is 1916, title is The Soul's Cycle, ethnicity is American, director is Ulysses Davis, cast is Patricia Palmer, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is The Stepping Stone, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Barker, Thomas H. Ince, cast is Frank Keenan, Mary Boland, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is Under Two Flags, ethnicity is American, director is J. Gordon Edwards, cast is Theda Bara, Herbert Heyes, genre is drama. Release year is 1916, title is Where Are My Children?, ethnicity is American, director is Phillips Smalley, cast is Tyrone Power, Sr., Juan de la Cruz, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1916, title is Youth's Endearing Charm, ethnicity is American, director is William C. Dowlan, cast is Mary Miles Minter, Wallace MacDonald, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is All Aboard, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred J. Goulding, cast is Harold Lloyd, Bebe Daniels, genre is comedy. Release year is 1917, title is The Bad Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Chester Withey, cast is Robert Harron, Richard Cummings, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1917, title is Bucking Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Harry Carey, Molly Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1917, title is The Butcher Boy, ethnicity is American, director is 'Fatty' Arbuckle, cast is 'Fatty' Arbuckle / Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1917, title is Camille, ethnicity is American, director is J. Gordon Edwards, cast is Theda Bara, Alan Roscoe, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is Cheyenne's Pal, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Harry Carey, Gertrude Astor, genre is western. Release year is 1917, title is Cleopatra, ethnicity is American, director is J. Gordon Edwards, cast is Theda Bara, Fritz Leiber, Sr., Thurston Hall, genre is historical. Release year is 1917, title is The Devil-Stone, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Geraldine Farrar, Wallace Reid, genre is romance. Release year is 1917, title is Easy Street, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Edna Purviance, genre is comedy. Release year is 1917, title is Golden Rule Kate, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Barker, cast is Louise Glaum, genre is western. Release year is 1917, title is Great Expectations, ethnicity is American, director is Robert G. Vignola, cast is Jack Pickford, Louise Huff, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is The Gulf Between, ethnicity is American, director is Wray Bartlett Physioc, cast is Grace Darmond, Niles Welch, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1917, title is Her Right to Live, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Scardon, cast is Peggy Hyland, Antonio Moreno, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is His Wedding Night, ethnicity is American, director is Roscoe Arbuckle, cast is 'Fatty' Arbuckle, Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1917, title is The Immigrant, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Edna Purviance, genre is comedy. Release year is 1917, title is In Again, Out Again, ethnicity is American, director is John Emerson, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, genre is comedy. Release year is 1917, title is The Jury of Fate, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Mabel Taliaferro, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is The Little American, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Mary Pickford, genre is war drama. Release year is 1917, title is The Little Princess, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Neilan, cast is Mary Pickford, Norman Kerry and ZaSu Pitts, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is The Man Without a Country, ethnicity is American, director is Ernest C. Warde, cast is Florence La Badie, Holmes Herbert, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is The Mate of the Sally Ann, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Mary Miles Minter, Allan Forrest, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1917, title is A Modern Musketeer, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Marjorie Daw, genre is adventure. Release year is 1917, title is Oh Doctor!, ethnicity is American, director is Roscoe Arbuckle, cast is 'Fatty' Arbuckle, Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1917, title is Peggy, the Will O' the Wisp, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Mabel Taliaferro, Thomas Carrigan, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is The Poor Little Rich Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Maurice Tourneur, cast is Mary Pickford, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is Reaching for the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is John Emerson, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Eileen Percy, genre is adventure. Release year is 1917, title is Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Neilan, cast is Mary Pickford, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is A Reckless Romeo, ethnicity is American, director is Roscoe Arbuckle, cast is 'Fatty' Arbuckle, Al St. John, genre is comedy. Release year is 1917, title is The Rough House, ethnicity is American, director is Roscoe Arbuckle, Buster Keaton, cast is 'Fatty' Arbuckle, Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1917, title is Souls in Pawn, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Gail Kane, Douglas MacLean, genre is spy. Release year is 1917, title is Straight Shooting, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Harry Carey, genre is western. Release year is 1917, title is A Strange Transgressor, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Barker, cast is Louise Glaum, genre is drama. Release year is 1917, title is The Woman God Forgot, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Wallace Reid, genre is romance. Release year is 1918, title is All Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Hobart Henley, cast is Mae Marsh, Jere Austin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is Amarilly of Clothes-Line Alley, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Neilan, cast is Mary Pickford, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Are Crooks Dishonest?, ethnicity is American, director is Gilbert Pratt, cast is Harold Lloyd, Snub Pollard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is Arizona, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Parker, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Theodore Roberts, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Beauty and the Rogue, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Mary Miles Minter, Allan Forrest, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1918, title is Believe Me, Xantippe, ethnicity is American, director is Donald Crisp, cast is Wallace Reid, Ann Little, Noah Beery, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is The Bell Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Roscoe Arbuckle, cast is Fatty Arbuckle, Buster Keaton, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1918, title is The Blue Bird, ethnicity is American, director is Maurice Tourneur, cast is Tula Belle, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1918, title is The Bride's Awakening, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Mae Murray, Lew Cody, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Cecilia of the Pink Roses, ethnicity is American, director is Julius Steger, cast is Marion Davies, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Cook, ethnicity is American, director is Roscoe Arbuckle, cast is Fatty Arbuckle, Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is The Craving, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Francis Ford, Mae Gaston, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Deciding Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Edith Roberts, Hallam Cooley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is The Eyes of Julia Deep, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Ingraham, cast is Mary Miles Minter, Allan Forrest, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Eyes of Mystery, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Edith Storey, Bradley Barker, genre is mystery. Release year is 1918, title is Face Value, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Mae Murray, Wheeler Oakman, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Forbidden City, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Norma Talmadge, Thomas Meighan, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Friend Husband, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Madge Kennedy, Rockliffe Fellowes, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1918, title is Fuss and Feathers, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Douglas MacLean, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is The Ghost of Slumber Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is Willis O'Brien, cast is Herbert M. Dawley, Willis O'Brien, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1918, title is The Goddess of Lost Lake, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Worsley, cast is Louise Glaum, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Great Love, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is George Fawcett, Lilian Gish, genre is war drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Greatest Thing in Life, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Robert Harron, Lillian Gish, genre is war drama. Release year is 1918, title is He Comes Up Smiling, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Marjorie Daw, genre is adventure. Release year is 1918, title is Headin' South, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Katherine MacDonald, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1918, title is The Heart of Humanity, ethnicity is American, director is Allen Holubar, cast is Dorothy Phillips, William Stowell, genre is propaganda. Release year is 1918, title is Hearts of the World, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Lillian Gish, Dorothy Gish, genre is ww1 propaganda. Release year is 1918, title is Hell Bent, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Harry Carey, Duke R. Lee, genre is western. Release year is 1918, title is The House of Mirth, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Capellani, cast is Katherine Harris Barrymore, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Huck and Tom, ethnicity is American, director is William Desmond Taylor, cast is Jack Pickford, Robert Gordon, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Legion of Death, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Edith Storey, Philo McCullough, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Men Who Have Made Love to Me, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Berthelet, cast is Mary MacLane, Ralph Graves, genre is biopic. Release year is 1918, title is Mickey, ethnicity is American, director is F. Richard Jones, James Young, cast is Mabel Normand, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is Mr. Fix-It, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Wanda Hawley, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1918, title is Nine-Tenths of the Law, ethnicity is American, director is B. Reeves Eason, cast is Mitchell Lewis, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Non-Stop Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Gilbert Pratt, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is Old Wives for New, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Elliott Dexter, Florence Vidor, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Out West, ethnicity is American, director is Roscoe Arbuckle, cast is Fatty Arbuckle, Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is Powers That Prey, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Mary Miles Minter, Allan Forrest, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1918, title is Revenge, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Edith Storey, Wheeler Oakman, genre is western. Release year is 1918, title is The Romance of Tarzan, ethnicity is American, director is Wilfred Lucas, cast is Elmo Lincoln, Enid Markey, genre is adventure. Release year is 1918, title is Salomé, ethnicity is American, director is J. Gordon Edwards, cast is Theda Bara, G. Raymond Nye, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Scarlet Drop, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Harry Carey, Molly Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1918, title is Set Free, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Edith Roberts, Harold Goodwin, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Shoulder Arms, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Sydney Chaplin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is Social Briars, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Mary Miles Minter, Allan Forrest, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Squaw Man, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Elliott Dexter, Ann Little, genre is western. Release year is 1918, title is Stella Maris, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Neilan, cast is Mary Pickford, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Tarzan of the Apes, ethnicity is American, director is Scott Sidney, cast is Elmo Lincoln and Enid Markey, genre is adventure. Release year is 1918, title is Till I Come Back to You, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Bryant Washburn, Florence Vidor, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is Treasure Island, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin Chester Franklin, cast is Francis Carpenter, Virginia Lee Corbin, genre is adventure. Release year is 1918, title is Under the Yoke, ethnicity is American, director is J. Gordon Edwards, cast is Theda Bara, G. Raymond Nye, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Venus Model, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Mabel Normand, Rod La Rocque, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1918, title is We Can't Have Everything, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Kathlyn Williams, Elliott Dexter, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is When Do We Eat?, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Albert Ray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1918, title is Which Woman?, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, Harry A. Pollard, cast is Ella Hall, A. Edward Sutherland, genre is drama. Release year is 1918, title is The Whispering Chorus, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Raymond Hatton, Kathlyn Williams, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Anne of Green Gables, ethnicity is American, director is William Desmond Taylor, cast is Mary Miles Minter, Paul Kelly, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1919, title is Ask Father, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, Bebe Daniels, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is Back Stage, ethnicity is American, director is Fatty Arbuckle, cast is Fatty Arbuckle, Buster Keaton, genre is short. Release year is 1919, title is Better Times, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is David Butler, ZaSu Pitts, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Blind Husbands, ethnicity is American, director is Erich von Stroheim, cast is Erich von Stroheim, Francelia Billington, genre is drama romance. Release year is 1919, title is Bolshevism on Trial, ethnicity is American, director is Harley Knoles, Lewis J. Selznick., cast is Robert Frazer, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Broken Blossoms, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Lillian Gish, Richard Barthelmess, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Bumping Into Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, Bebe Daniels, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is Daddy-Long-Legs, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Neilan, cast is Mary Pickford, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Dangerous Hours, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Lloyd Hughes, Barbara Castleton, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is A Day's Pleasure, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Edna Purviance, genre is short. Release year is 1919, title is The Delicious Little Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Mae Murray, Rudolph Valentino, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1919, title is Don't Change Your Husband, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Gloria Swanson, Elliott Dexter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is The Echo of Youth, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Abramson, cast is Charles Richman, Leah Baird, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The Exquisite Thief, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Priscilla Dean, Thurston Hall, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The False Faces, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Willat, cast is Henry B. Walthall, Lon Chaney, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is For Better, For Worse, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Elliott Dexter, Gloria Swanson, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is From Hand to Mouth, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred J. Goulding, Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is The Girl Who Stayed at Home, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Adolf Lestina, Carol Dempster, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The Grim Game, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Willat, cast is Harry Houdini, Thomas Jefferson, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is A Gun Fightin' Gentleman, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Harry Carey, J. Barney Sherry, genre is western. Release year is 1919, title is Happy Though Married, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Hallam Cooley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is The Haunted Bedroom, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Jack Nelson, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Hawthorne of the U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is Wallace Reid, Lila Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is Heart o' the Hills, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph De Grasse Sidney Franklin, cast is Mary Pickford, Harold Goodwin, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is His Majesty, the American, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Henabery, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Marjorie Daw, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is The Law of Men, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Niles Welch, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Love's Prisoner, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Olive Thomas, Ann Kroman, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1919, title is Male and Female, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Gloria Swanson, Thomas Meighan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1919, title is A Man's Fight, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas N. Heffron, cast is Dustin Farnum, Harry von Meter, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The Miracle Man, ethnicity is American, director is George Loane Tucker, cast is Lon Chaney, Betty Compson, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The Miracle of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Lucy Cotton, Wyndham Standing, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is My Lady's Garter, ethnicity is American, director is Maurice Tourneur, cast is Wyndham Standing, Sylvia Breamer, genre is mystery. Release year is 1919, title is Nine-Tenths of the Law, ethnicity is American, director is B. Reeves Eason, cast is Mitchell Lewis, Jimsy Maye, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Pistols for Breakfast, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred J. Goulding, cast is Harold Lloyd, Bebe Daniels, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is The Probation Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Norma Talmadge, Thomas Meighan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is Ravished Armenia, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Apfel, cast is Aurora Mardiganian, Irving Cummings, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The Roaring Road, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is Wallace Reid, Ann Little, genre is romance. Release year is 1919, title is A Rogue's Romance, ethnicity is American, director is James Young, cast is Earle Williams, Harry von Meter, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1919, title is A Romance of Happy Valley, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Lillian Gish, Robert Harron, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Sahara, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Rosson, cast is Louise Glaum, Matt Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Scarlet Days, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Eugenie Besserer, genre is western. Release year is 1919, title is A Society Exile, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Elsie Ferguson, Zeffie Tilbury, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Soldiers of Fortune, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Wallace Beery, Ogden Crane, genre is adventure. Release year is 1919, title is Sunnyside, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Edna Purviance, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is The Test of Honor, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is John Barrymore, Constance Binney, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is True Heart Susie, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Lillian Gish, Bobby Harron, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The Turn in the Road, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is George Nichols, Lloyd Hughes, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The Unpainted Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Mary MacLaren, Thurston Hall, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The Virtuous Thief, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Niles Welch, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is What Every Woman Learns, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Milton Sills, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is When the Clouds Roll By, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming & Theodore Reed, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Kathleen Clifford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is The White Heather, ethnicity is American, director is Maurice Tourneur, cast is Holmes Herbert, Ben Alexander, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is The World and Its Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Geraldine Farrar, Lou Tellegen, genre is drama. Release year is 1919, title is Yankee Doodle in Berlin, ethnicity is American, director is F. Richard Jones, cast is Bothwell Browne, Ford Sterling, genre is comedy. Release year is 1919, title is You're Fired, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is Wallace Reid, Wanda Hawley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is 813, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Christie, Scott Sidney, cast is Wedgwood Nowell, Ralph Lewis, Wallace Beery, Laura La Plante, genre is mystery. Release year is 1920, title is Among Those Present, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, cast is Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1920, title is April Folly, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Marion Davies, Conway Tearle, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Blind Youth, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sloman, cast is Walter McGrail, Leatrice Joy, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is A Child for Sale, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Abramson, cast is Gladys Leslie, Creighton Hale, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1920, title is Convict 13, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Joe Roberts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is The Copperhead, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Maigne, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Doris Rankin, genre is period drama. Release year is 1920, title is The Devil's Pass Key, ethnicity is American, director is Erich von Stroheim, cast is Sam de Grasse, Mae Busch, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is A Double-Dyed Deceiver, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Jack Pickford, Marie Dunn, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1920, title is Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is John Barrymore, genre is horror. Release year is 1920, title is The False Road, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Lloyd Hughes, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is The Family Honor, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Florence Vidor, Roscoe Karns, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is The Garage, ethnicity is American, director is Fatty Arbuckle, cast is 'Fatty' Arbuckle, Buster Keaton, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1920, title is The Girl in Number 29, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Frank Mayo, Elinor Fair, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Hairpins, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Matt Moore, William Conklin, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Haunted Spooks, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred J. Goulding, Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Her Husband's Friend, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Rowland V. Lee, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is High and Dizzy, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Huckleberry Finn, ethnicity is American, director is William Desmond Taylor, cast is Lewis Sargent, Wallace Beery, genre is adventure. Release year is 1920, title is The Idol Dancer, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Clarine Seymour, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is In the Heart of a Fool, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is James Kirkwood, Anna Q. Nilsson, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is The Jack-Knife Man, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is F. A. Turner, Harry Todd, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Judy of Rogue's Harbor, ethnicity is American, director is William Desmond Taylor, cast is Mary Miles Minter, Charles Meredith, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Lady Rose's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh Ford, cast is Elsie Ferguson, David Powell, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is The Last of the Mohicans, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, Maurice Tourneur, cast is Wallace Beery, genre is adventure. Release year is 1920, title is Love, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Louise Glaum, James Kirkwood, Sr., genre is romance. Release year is 1920, title is The Love Flower, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Carol Dempster, Richard Barthelmess, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Madame X, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Pauline Frederick, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is The Man Who Lost Himself, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is William Faversham, Hedda Hopper, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1920, title is The Mark of Zorro, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Marguerite De La Motte, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1920, title is Neighbors, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Virginia Fox, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Now or Never, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Number, Please?, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Old Lady 31, ethnicity is American, director is John Ince, cast is Emma Dunn, Henry Harmon, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1920, title is One Week, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is The Penalty, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Worsley, cast is Charles Clary, Lon Chaney, genre is crime. Release year is 1920, title is Pollyanna, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Powell, cast is Howard Ralston, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Remodeling Her Husband, ethnicity is American, director is D.W. Griffith, cast is Dorothy Gish, James Rennie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Romance, ethnicity is American, director is Chester Withey, cast is Doris Keane, Basil Sydney, genre is romance. Release year is 1920, title is The Round-Up, ethnicity is American, director is George Melford, cast is Fatty Arbuckle, Irving Cummings, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is The Saphead, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Blaché, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is The Scarecrow, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1920, title is Sex, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Louise Glaum, Irving Cummings, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Shore Acres, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Alice Lake, Robert D. Walker, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Silk Hosiery, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, Geoffrey Webb, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Silk Husbands and Calico Wives, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is House Peters, Mary Alden, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is The Slim Princess, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Mabel Normand, Tully Marshall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Something to Think About, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Elliott Dexter, Gloria Swanson, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is A Splendid Hazard, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Henry B. Walthall, Rosemary Theby, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Suds, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Mary Pickford, Albert Austin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Treasure Island, ethnicity is American, director is Maurice Tourneur, cast is Lon Chaney, Shirley Mason, genre is adventure. Release year is 1920, title is The Virgin of Stamboul, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Priscilla Dean, Wallace Beery, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Way Down East, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Lillian Gish, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is Why Change Your Wife?, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Gloria Swanson, Thomas Meighan, Bebe Daniels, genre is comedy. Release year is 1920, title is Within Our Gates, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Micheaux, cast is Evelyn Preer, genre is drama. Release year is 1920, title is The Woman in the Suitcase, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Enid Bennett, William Conklin, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is The Ace of Hearts, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Worsley, cast is Lon Chaney, Leatrice Joy, John Bowers, Hardee Kirkland, Raymond Hatton, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1921, title is The Affairs of Anatol, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Wallace Reid, Gloria Swanson, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is Among Those Present, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is The Big Punch, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Buck Jones, Barbara Bedford, genre is western. Release year is 1921, title is The Blot, ethnicity is American, director is Phillips Smalley, Lois Weber, cast is Claire Windsor, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1921, title is The Boat, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is Brewster's Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Henabery, cast is Fatty Arbuckle, Betty Ross Clarke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is The Conquering Power, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Rudolph Valentino, Alice Terry, genre is romance drama. Release year is 1921, title is Disraeli, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Kolker, cast is George Arliss, Florence Arliss, genre is biography. Release year is 1921, title is Experience, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Reginald Denny, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is Forbidden Fruit, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Agnes Ayres, Clarence Burton, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is Forever, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Wallace Reid, Elsie Ferguson, Montagu Love, genre is romance. Release year is 1921, title is The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Rudolph Valentino, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is The Goat, ethnicity is American, director is Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Joe Roberts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is The Haunted House, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is Heedless Moths, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Jane Thomas, Holmes Herbert, Hedda Hopper, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is The High Sign, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Bartine Burkett, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1921, title is I Do, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is Jim the Penman, ethnicity is American, director is Kenneth Webb, cast is Lionel Barrymore, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1921, title is The Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Jackie Coogan, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1921, title is Little Lord Fauntleroy, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Pickford, cast is Mary Pickford, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1921, title is The Lotus Eater, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Neilan, cast is John Barrymore, Colleen Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is The Love Light, ethnicity is American, director is Frances Marion, cast is Mary Pickford, Raymond Bloomer, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is Love Never Dies, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Lloyd Hughes, Madge Bellamy, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is The Lucky Dog, ethnicity is American, director is Jess Robbins, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is Mama's Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Constance Talmadge, Effie Shannon, Kenneth Harlan, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1921, title is Mother O' Mine, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Lloyd Hughes, Betty Ross Clarke, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is Never Weaken, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Newmeyer, Sam Taylor, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is No Woman Knows, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Max Davidson, Snitz Edwards, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is Now or Never, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, Hal Roach, cast is Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is The Nut, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore Reed, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Marguerite De La Motte, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is Orphans of the Storm, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Lillian Gish, Dorothy Gish, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1921, title is The Playhouse, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Virginia Fox, Joe Roberts, Edward F. Cline, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is Roads of Destiny, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Pauline Frederick, John Bowers, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is A Sailor-Made Man, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is The Sea Lion, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Hobart Bosworth, Bessie Love, Emory Johnson, genre is adventure. Release year is 1921, title is Seven Years Bad Luck, ethnicity is American, director is Max Linder, cast is Max Linder, Alta Allen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is The Sheik, ethnicity is American, director is George Melford, cast is Rudolph Valentino, Agnes Ayres, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1921, title is Sheltered Daughters, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dillon, cast is Justine Johnstone, Riley Hatch, and Warner Baxter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1921, title is The Silver Lining, ethnicity is American, director is Roland West, cast is Leslie Austin, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is The Sky Pilot, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is John Bowers, Colleen Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is Sure Fire, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Hoot Gibson, genre is western. Release year is 1921, title is Tol'able David, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Richard Barthelmess, genre is drama. Release year is 1921, title is Uncharted Seas, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Alice Lake, Carl Gerard, Rudolph Valentino, genre is romance. Release year is 1921, title is Woman's Place, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Constance Talmadge, Kenneth Harlan, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is Beyond the Rocks, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Gloria Swanson, Rudolph Valentino, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is A Blind Bargain, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Worsley, cast is Lon Chaney, Raymond McKee, genre is horror. Release year is 1922, title is Blood and Sand, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Rudolph Valentino, Nita Naldi, Lila Lee, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is Clarence, ethnicity is American, director is William C. deMille, cast is Wallace Reid, Agnes Ayres, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1922, title is Daydreams, ethnicity is American, director is Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1922, title is Dr. Jack, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1922, title is Dusk to Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Florence Vidor, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is The Electric House, ethnicity is American, director is Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1922, title is Fair Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Kenneth Webb, cast is Betty Blythe, Thurston Hall, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is Foolish Wives, ethnicity is American, director is Erich von Stroheim, cast is Erich von Stroheim, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is Grandma's Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, cast is Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1922, title is Heroes of the Street, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Wesley Barry, Marie Prevost, Jack Mulhall, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1922, title is The Loaded Door, ethnicity is American, director is Harry A. Pollard, cast is Hoot Gibson, genre is western. Release year is 1922, title is Manslaughter, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Leatrice Joy, Thomas Meighan, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is Moran of the Lady Letty, ethnicity is American, director is George Melford, cast is Dorothy Dalton, Charles Brinley, genre is adventure. Release year is 1922, title is Nanook of the North, ethnicity is American, director is Robert J. Flaherty, cast is Allakariallak, Nyla Cunayou, genre is documentary. Release year is 1922, title is Oliver Twist, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Jackie Coogan, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is The Paleface, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy western. Release year is 1922, title is Pay Day, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Phyllis Allen, Mack Swain, genre is comedy. Release year is 1922, title is Peacock Alley, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Mae Murray, Monte Blue, Edmund Lowe, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is Peg o' My Heart, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Laurette Taylor, Mahlon Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is The Prisoner of Zenda, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Lewis Stone, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1922, title is Ridin' Wild, ethnicity is American, director is Nat Ross, cast is Hoot Gibson, genre is western. Release year is 1922, title is Robin Hood, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1922, title is Shadows, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Forman, cast is Lon Chaney, Marguerite De La Motte, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1922, title is Trifling Women, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Barbara La Marr, Ramon Novarro, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is Up and at 'Em, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Doris May, Hallam Cooley, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1922, title is When Knighthood Was in Flower, ethnicity is American, director is Robert G. Vignola, cast is Marion Davies, Forrest Stanley, genre is romance drama. Release year is 1922, title is Wildness of Youth, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Abramson, cast is Virginia Pearson, Harry T. Morey, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is The Woman He Married, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Anita Stewart, Darrell Foss, genre is drama. Release year is 1922, title is The Young Rajah, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Rudolph Valentino, Fanny Midgley, genre is adventure. Release year is 1923, title is Ambrose Applejohn's Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Matt Moore, Enid Bennett, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is Ashes of Vengeance, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Norma Talmadge, Conway Tearle, Wallace Beery, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is The Balloonatic, ethnicity is American, director is Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1923, title is Black Oxen, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Corinne Griffith, Conway Tearle, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is The Call of the Canyon, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Richard Dix, Lois Wilson, genre is western. Release year is 1923, title is The Country Kid, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Wesley Barry, Spec O'Donnell, Bruce Guerin, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1923, title is The Daring Years, ethnicity is American, director is Kenneth Webb, cast is Mildred Harris, Charles Emmett Mack and Clara Bow, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1923, title is The Extra Girl, ethnicity is American, director is F. Richard Jones, cast is Mabel Normand, genre is comedy. Release year is 1923, title is Gentle Julia, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Bessie Love, Harold Goodwin, genre is romance. Release year is 1923, title is The Hunchback of Notre Dame, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Worsley, cast is Lon Chaney, Patsy Ruth Miller, Norman Kerry, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is Merry-Go-Round, ethnicity is American, director is Erich von Stroheim, cast is Norman Kerry, Mary Philbin, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is Our Hospitality, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1923, title is The Pilgrim, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charles Chaplin, Edna Purviance, genre is comedy. Release year is 1923, title is Safety Last!, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, Sam Taylor, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1923, title is Scaramouche, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Ramón Novarro, Alice Terry, Lewis Stone, genre is adventure. Release year is 1923, title is The Shock, ethnicity is American, director is Lambert Hillyer, cast is Lon Chaney, Virginia Valli, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is The Shriek of Araby, ethnicity is American, director is F. Richard Jones, cast is Ben Turpin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1923, title is The Silent Command, ethnicity is American, director is J. Gordon Edwards, cast is Edmund Lowe, Béla Lugosi, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is Slippy McGee, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Colleen Moore, Wheeler Oakman, Sam De Grasse, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is Souls for Sale, ethnicity is American, director is Rupert Hughes, cast is Richard Dix, Eleanor Boardman, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is The Ten Commandments, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Theodore Roberts, genre is epic. Release year is 1923, title is Three Ages, ethnicity is American, director is Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1923, title is The White Sister, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Lillian Gish, Ronald Colman, genre is drama. Release year is 1923, title is Why Worry?, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Newmeyer, Sam Taylor, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1923, title is A Woman of Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Edna Purviance, genre is romance drama. Release year is 1924, title is The Age of Innocence, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Beverly Bayne, Edith Roberts, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is America, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Carol Dempster, Neil Hamilton, genre is historical. Release year is 1924, title is The Arab, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Ramon Novarro, Alice Terry, genre is romance. Release year is 1924, title is Beau Brummel, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is John Barrymore, Mary Astor, genre is historical. Release year is 1924, title is Circe, the Enchantress, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Mae Murray, James Kirkwood, Sr., Tom Rickets, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is Dante's Inferno, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Otto, cast is Ralph Lewis, Winifred Landis, genre is fantasy drama. Release year is 1924, title is The Enchanted Cottage, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is Richard Barthelmess, May McAvoy, genre is romance. Release year is 1924, title is The Family Secret, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Baby Peggy, Gladys Hulette, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is Feet of Clay, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Vera Reynolds, Rod La Rocque, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is Girl Shy, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Newmeyer, Sam Taylor, cast is Harold Lloyd, Jobyna Ralston, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1924, title is Greed, ethnicity is American, director is Erich von Stroheim, cast is ZaSu Pitts, Gibson Gowland, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is He Who Gets Slapped, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Sjöström, cast is Lon Chaney, Norma Shearer, John Gilbert, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is Helen's Babies, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Baby Peggy, Edward Everett Horton, Clara Bow, genre is comedy. Release year is 1924, title is Her Night of Romance, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Constance Talmadge, Ronald Colman, Jean Hersholt, genre is romance. Release year is 1924, title is His Hour, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Aileen Pringle, John Gilbert, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is Hot Water, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, cast is Harold Lloyd, Jobyna Ralston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1924, title is The Iron Horse, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is George O'Brien, Madge Bellamy, genre is western. Release year is 1924, title is Isn't Life Wonderful, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Carol Dempster, Neil Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is Janice Meredith, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Futter, E. Mason Hopper, cast is Marion Davies, Holbrook Blinn, Tyrone Power, Sr., genre is historical. Release year is 1924, title is Listen Lester, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Louise Fazenda, Harry Myers, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1924, title is Manhandled, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Gloria Swanson, Tom Moore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1924, title is Monsieur Beaucaire, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Olcott, cast is Rudolph Valentino, Bebe Daniels, Lois Wilson, Doris Kenyon, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is The Navigator, ethnicity is American, director is Donald Crisp, Buster Keaton,, cast is Buster Keaton, Kathryn McGuire, genre is comedy. Release year is 1924, title is One Night in Rome, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Laurette Taylor, Tom Moore, genre is romance. Release year is 1924, title is Peter Pan, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, Glen Castle, cast is Betty Bronson, Ernest Torrence, Virginia Browne Faire, genre is fantasy, family. Release year is 1924, title is The Red Lily, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Ramon Novarro, Enid Bennett, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is Romola, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Lillian Gish, Dorothy Gish, William Powell, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is The Sea Hawk, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Milton Sills, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1924, title is Secrets, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Norma Talmadge, Eugene O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is Sherlock, Jr., ethnicity is American, director is Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Kathryn McGuire, genre is comedy. Release year is 1924, title is The Shooting of Dan McGrew, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Barbara La Marr, Lew Cody, Mae Busch, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is The Thief of Bagdad, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Snitz Edwards, Charles Belcher, Julanne Johnston, Anna May Wong, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1924, title is Three Weeks, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Conrad Nagel, Aileen Pringle, genre is romance drama. Release year is 1924, title is Wild Oranges, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Virginia Valli, Frank Mayo, genre is drama. Release year is 1924, title is Wine of Youth, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Eleanor Boardman, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1924, title is The Yankee Consul, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Horne, cast is Douglas MacLean, Patsy Ruth Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1925, title is Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Tom Moore, Pauline Starke, genre is adventure. Release year is 1925, title is Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Ramón Novarro, Francis X. Bushman, May McAvoy, Betty Bronson, genre is epic. Release year is 1925, title is The Big Parade, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is John Gilbert, Renée Adorée, genre is war. Release year is 1925, title is Cheaper to Marry, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Conrad Nagel, Lewis Stone, Marguerite De La Motte, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is The Circle, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Eleanor Boardman, Malcolm McGregor, genre is romance drama. Release year is 1925, title is Cobra, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Henabery, cast is Rudolph Valentino, Nita Naldi, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is Confessions of a Queen, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Sjostrom, cast is Alice Terry, Lewis Stone, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is Dangerous Innocence, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Laura La Plante, Eugene O'Brien, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1925, title is The Dark Angel, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Ronald Colman, Vilma Bánky, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is Don Q, Son of Zorro, ethnicity is American, director is Donald Crisp, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1925, title is The Eagle, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Rudolph Valentino, genre is historical. Release year is 1925, title is Fifty-Fifty, ethnicity is American, director is Henri Diamant-Berger, cast is Hope Hampton, Lionel Barrymore, Louise Glaum, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is The Freshman, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, Sam Taylor, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1925, title is Go West, ethnicity is American, director is Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy, western. Release year is 1925, title is The Gold Rush, ethnicity is American, director is Charlie Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, genre is comedy, adventure. Release year is 1925, title is Hogan's Alley, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Monte Blue, Patsy Ruth Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1925, title is Kentucky Pride, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Henry B. Walthall, Gertrude Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is The King on Main Street, ethnicity is American, director is Monta Bell, cast is Bessie Love, Adolphe Menjou, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1925, title is A Kiss for Cinderella, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Betty Bronson, Tom Moore, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1925, title is The Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Norma Talmadge, Wallace MacDonald, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is Lady Windermere's Fan, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Ronald Colman, May McAvoy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1925, title is Little Annie Rooney, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Mary Pickford, William Haines, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is The Lost World, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Hoyt, cast is Bessie Love, Wallace Beery., genre is fantasy, adventure. Release year is 1925, title is The Lucky Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Richard Dix, Esther Ralston, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1925, title is The Lucky Horseshoe, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is Tom Mix, Billie Dove, genre is western. Release year is 1925, title is The Mad Whirl, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is May McAvoy, Jack Mulhall, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is The Man Who Found Himself, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Thomas Meighan, Virginia Valli, Frank Morgan, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is The Mystic, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Aileen Pringle, Conway Tearle, genre is thriller. Release year is 1925, title is Old Clothes, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Jackie Coogan, Joan Crawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is Phantom of the Opera, ethnicity is American, director is Rupert Julian, cast is Lon Chaney, Mary Philbin, Norman Kerry, genre is horror. Release year is 1925, title is The Plastic Age, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Clara Bow, Gilbert Roland, genre is dramatic comedy. Release year is 1925, title is Pretty Ladies, ethnicity is American, director is Monta Bell, cast is ZaSu Pitts, Conrad Nagel, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1925, title is Proud Flesh, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Eleanor Boardman, Pat O'Malley, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1925, title is The Rag Man, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Jackie Coogan, Max Davidson, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is Sally, Irene and Mary, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Constance Bennett, Joan Crawford, genre is romance. Release year is 1925, title is Sally of the Sawdust, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Carol Dempster, W. C. Fields, genre is comedy. Release year is 1925, title is The Salvation Hunters, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is Georgia Hale, George K. Arthur, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is Seven Chances, ethnicity is American, director is Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1925, title is Seven Sinners, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Marie Prevost, Clive Brook, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1925, title is Smouldering Fires, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Laura La Plante, Malcolm McGregor, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is Stage Struck, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Gloria Swanson, Lawrence Gray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1925, title is The Teaser, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Laura La Plante, Pat O'Malley, Hedda Hopper. Walter McGrail, genre is romantic comedy/drama. Release year is 1925, title is Time, the Comedian, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Mae Busch, Lew Cody, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is Too Many Kisses, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Sloane, cast is Richard Dix, Frances Howard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1925, title is The Tower of Lies, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Sjostrom, cast is Norma Shearer, Lon Chaney, genre is drama. Release year is 1925, title is The Trail Rider, ethnicity is American, director is W.S. Van Dyke, cast is Buck Jones, Nancy Deaver, genre is western. Release year is 1925, title is Tumbleweeds, ethnicity is American, director is William S. Hart, King Baggot, cast is William S. Hart, genre is western. Release year is 1925, title is The Unholy Three, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Lon Chaney, Mae Busch, genre is crime. Release year is 1925, title is Wizard of Oz, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Semon, cast is Dorothy Dwan, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1925, title is Wolf Blood, ethnicity is American, director is George Chesebro, Bruce Mitchell, cast is George Chesebro, Marguerite Clayton, genre is horror. Release year is 1926, title is Across the Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Monte Blue, Jane Winton, Myrna Loy, genre is adventure. Release year is 1926, title is Bardelys the Magnificent, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is John Gilbert, Eleanor Boardman, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1926, title is The Bat, ethnicity is American, director is Roland West, cast is Tullio Carminati, Charles Herzinger, Jewel Carmen, Louise Fazenda, genre is mystery, thriller. Release year is 1926, title is Battling Butler, ethnicity is American, director is Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Sally O'Neil, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is Beau Geste, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Ronald Colman, Neil Hamilton, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1926, title is The Bells, ethnicity is American, director is James Young, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Caroline Frances Cooke, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1926, title is The Better 'Ole, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Sydney Chaplin, Doris Hill, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is Beverly of Graustark, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Marion Davies, Antonio Moreno, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is The Black Pirate, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Parker, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Billie Dove, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1926, title is The Blackbird, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Lon Chaney, Owen Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1926, title is La Bohème, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Lillian Gish, John Gilbert, Renée Adorée, genre is drama. Release year is 1926, title is The Boy Friend, ethnicity is American, director is Monta Bell, cast is Marceline Day, John Harron, genre is drama. Release year is 1926, title is Broken Hearts of Hollywood, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Patsy Ruth Miller, Louise Dresser, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1926, title is Brown of Harvard, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is William Haines, Jack Pickford, Mary Brian, genre is american football. Release year is 1926, title is Cruise of the Jasper B, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Horne, cast is Rod La Rocque, Mildred Harris, Snitz Edwards, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is Dance Madness, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Conrad Nagel, Claire Windsor, Hedda Hopper, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is Don Juan, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is John Barrymore, Mary Astor, Warner Oland, Estelle Taylor, genre is adventure. Release year is 1926, title is Ella Cinders, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Colleen Moore, Lloyd Hughes, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is The Exquisite Sinner, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph von Sternberg Phil Rosen, cast is Conrad Nagel, Renee Adoree, genre is drama. Release year is 1926, title is Fine Manners, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rosson, cast is Gloria Swanson, Eugene O'Brien, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is Flesh and the Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is John Gilbert, Greta Garbo, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1926, title is For Heaven's Sake, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Taylor, cast is Harold Lloyd, Jobyna Ralston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is The Gay Deceiver, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Lew Cody, Marceline Day, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is The General, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Bruckman, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Marion Mack, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is The Great Gatsby, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Warner Baxter, Neil Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1926, title is The Great K & A Train Robbery, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Tom Mix, Dorothy Dwan, genre is western. Release year is 1926, title is Hands Up!, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Badger, cast is Raymond Griffith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is High Steppers, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin Carewe, cast is Mary Astor, Lloyd Hughes, Dolores del Río, genre is drama. Release year is 1926, title is The Joy Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Olive Borden, Neil Hamilton, Marie Dressler, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is Kid Boots, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Eddie Cantor, Clara Bow, Billie Dove, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is Kiki, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Norma Talmadge, Ronald Colman, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1926, title is A Kiss for Cinderella, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Betty Bronson, Esther Ralston, Dorothy Cumming, genre is fantasy, romance. Release year is 1926, title is Looking for Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Robert North Bradbury, cast is Jack Hoxie, Marceline Day, genre is western. Release year is 1926, title is The Magician, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Alice Terry, Paul Wegener, genre is horror. Release year is 1926, title is Mantrap, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Clara Bow, Percy Marmont, Ernest Torrence, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1926, title is Mare Nostrum, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Antonio Moreno, Alice Terry, genre is spy. Release year is 1926, title is Miss Brewster's Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Bebe Daniels, Warner Baxter, Ford Sterling, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is The New Klondike, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Thomas Meighan, Lila Lee, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1926, title is Old Ironsides, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is Charles Farrell, Esther Ralston, genre is adventure. Release year is 1926, title is Private Izzy Murphy, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Patsy Ruth Miller, George Jessel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is The Sea Beast, ethnicity is American, director is Millard Webb, cast is John Barrymore, Dolores Costello, George O'Hara, genre is adventure. Release year is 1926, title is So This Is Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Monte Blue, Patsy Ruth Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is So's Your Old Man, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is W. C. Fields, Alice Joyce, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is The Sorrows of Satan, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Adolphe Menjou, Ricardo Cortez, Carol Dempster, Lya De Putti, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1926, title is The Strong Man, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Harry Langdon, Priscilla Bonner, Gertrude Astor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is The Temptress, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, Mauritz Stiller, cast is Greta Garbo, Antonio Moreno, genre is drama. Release year is 1926, title is Torrent, ethnicity is American, director is Monta Bell, cast is Greta Garbo, Ricardo Cortez, genre is romance. Release year is 1926, title is Tramp, Tramp, Tramp, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Edwards, Frank Capra, cast is Harry Langdon, Joan Crawford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1926, title is What Price Glory?, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Edmund Lowe, Victor McLaglen, Dolores del Río, genre is war. Release year is 1926, title is The Winning of Barbara Worth, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Ronald Colman, Vilma Bánky, Gary Cooper, genre is western. Release year is 1927, title is Adam and Evil, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Lew Cody, Aileen Pringle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1927, title is The Cat and the Canary, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Leni, cast is Laura La Plante, Forrest Stanley, Creighton Hale, genre is comedy, horror, mystery. Release year is 1927, title is Chang: A Drama of the Wilderness, ethnicity is American, director is Merian Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack, cast is Kru, Chantui, Nah, Ladah, Bimbo, genre is semi-staged documentary. Release year is 1927, title is Chicago, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Phyllis Haver, Julia Faye, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1927, title is Children of Divorce, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Clara Bow, Esther Ralston, Gary Cooper, genre is drama. Release year is 1927, title is College, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Horne, cast is Buster Keaton, Anne Cornwall, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1927, title is The College Hero, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Pauline Garon, Ben Turpin, Robert Agnew, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1927, title is The Enemy, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Lillian Gish, Ralph Forbes, genre is drama. Release year is 1927, title is The Fair Co-Ed, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Marion Davies, Johnny Mack Brown, genre is comedy. Release year is 1927, title is The First Auto, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Russell Simpson, Charles Emmett Mack, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1927, title is For the Love of Mike, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Ben Lyon, Claudette Colbert, genre is romance. Release year is 1927, title is Foreign Devils, ethnicity is American, director is W.S. Van Dyke, cast is Tim McCoy, Claire Windsor, genre is adventure. Release year is 1927, title is The Garden of Allah, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Ingram, cast is Alice Terry, Ivan Petrovich, genre is romance. Release year is 1927, title is The Girl from Chicago, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Conrad Nagel, Myrna Loy, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1927, title is His First Flame, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Edwards, cast is Harry Langdon, Natalie Kingston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1927, title is Hula, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Clara Bow, Clive Brook, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1927, title is Husband Hunters, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is Mae Busch, Charles Delaney, Jean Arthur, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1927, title is It, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Clara Bow and Antonio Moreno, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1927, title is The Jazz Singer, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Al Jolson, May McAvoy, genre is drama. Release year is 1927, title is The Kid Brother, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, J. A. Howe, Ted Wilde, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1927, title is The King of Kings, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is H. B. Warner, Dorothy Cumming, Joseph Schildkraut, genre is biblical drama. Release year is 1927, title is Knockout Reilly, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Richard Dix, Mary Brian, genre is drama. Release year is 1927, title is A Little Journey, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Claire Windsor, William Haines, Harry Carey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1927, title is London After Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Lon Chaney, Marceline Day, Conrad Nagel, genre is thriller. Release year is 1927, title is Long Pants, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Harry Langdon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1927, title is The Love of Sunya, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Parker, cast is Gloria Swanson, John Boles, genre is drama. Release year is 1927, title is My Best Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Taylor, cast is Mary Pickford, Buddy Rogers, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1927, title is The Red Mill, ethnicity is American, director is Fatty Arbuckle, cast is Marion Davies, Owen Moore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1927, title is Resurrection, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin Carewe, cast is Dolores del Rio, Rod La Rocque, genre is drama. Release year is 1927, title is The Road to Romance, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is Ramon Novarro, Marceline Day, genre is drama. Release year is 1927, title is Rookies, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Karl Dane, George K. Arthur, Marceline Day, genre is comedy. Release year is 1927, title is The Scar of Shame, ethnicity is American, director is The Scar of Shame, cast is Harry Henderson and Lucia Lynn Moses, genre is race film. Release year is 1927, title is The Show, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is John Gilbert, Renee Adoree, Lionel Barrymore, genre is drama. Release year is 1927, title is Spring Fever, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is William Haines, Joan Crawford, genre is romance. Release year is 1927, title is The Student Prince in Old Heidelberg, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Ramon Novarro and Norma Shearer, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1927, title is Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans, ethnicity is American, director is F. W. Murnau, cast is George O'Brien and Janet Gaynor, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1927, title is Two Arabian Knights, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is William Boyd, Mary Astor, Louis Wolheim, Ian Keith, genre is comedy adventure. Release year is 1927, title is Underworld, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is George Bancroft, Evelyn Brent, Clive Brook, genre is crime. Release year is 1927, title is The Unknown, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Lon Chaney, Joan Crawford, genre is horror. Release year is 1927, title is The Way of All Flesh, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Emil Jannings, Belle Bennett, Phyllis Haver, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1927, title is When a Man Loves, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is John Barrymore, Dolores Costello, genre is historical drama. Release year is 1927, title is Why Girls Love Sailors, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Guiol, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1927, title is Wings, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Clara Bow, Charles "Buddy" Rogers, Richard Arlen, Jobyna Ralston, genre is war. Release year is 1927, title is The Yankee Clipper, ethnicity is American, director is Rupert Julian, cast is William Boyd, Elinor Fair, Junior Coghlan, John Miljan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1928, title is 4 Devils, ethnicity is American, director is F.W. Murnau, cast is Janet Gaynor, Anders Randolf, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Abie's Irish Rose, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Charles "Buddy" Rogers, Nancy Carroll, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Across to Singapore, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Ramón Novarro, Joan Crawford, genre is romance, drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Air Circus, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, Lewis Seiler, cast is Arthur Lake, Sue Carol, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Alias Jimmy Valentine, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Lionel Barrymore, William Haines, genre is crime. Release year is 1928, title is The Barker, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Milton Sills, Dorothy Mackaill, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Battle of the Sexes, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Jean Hersholt, Phyllis Haver, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Beware of Bachelors, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Audrey Ferris, William Collier Jr., genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is The Cameraman, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Marceline Day, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1928, title is The Cardboard Lover, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Marion Davies, Nils Asther, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is The Cavalier, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Willat, cast is Richard Talmadge, Barbara Bedford, genre is western. Release year is 1928, title is The Circus, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charles Chaplin, genre is comedy, adventure. Release year is 1928, title is The Crimson City, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Myrna Loy, Leila Hyams, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Crowd, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Eleanor Boardman, James Murray, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Divine Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Sjöström, cast is Greta Garbo, Lars Hanson, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Docks of New York, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is George Bancroft, Betty Compson, Olga Baclanova, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1928, title is Don't Marry, ethnicity is American, director is James Tinling, cast is Lois Moran, Neil Hamilton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Doomsday, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Florence Vidor, Gary Cooper, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Dream of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Joan Crawford, Nils Asther, genre is historical drama. Release year is 1928, title is Dressed to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Edmund Lowe, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Drums of Love, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Mary Philbin, Lionel Barrymore, genre is romance. Release year is 1928, title is Dry Martini, ethnicity is American, director is Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast, cast is Mary Astor, Sally Eilers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Feel My Pulse, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Bebe Daniels, Richard Arlen, William Powell, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Forbidden Hours, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Ramon Novarro, Renée Adorée, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Four Sons, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Margaret Mann, James Hall, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Four Walls, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is John Gilbert, Joan Crawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Gang War, ethnicity is American, director is Bert Glennon, cast is Jack Pickford, Olive Borden, genre is crime. Release year is 1928, title is The Garden of Eden, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Corinne Griffith, Louise Dresser, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Gateway of the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is John Griffith Wraith, cast is Dolores del Río, Walter Pidgeon, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1928, title is A Girl in Every Port, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Victor McLaglen, Robert Armstrong, Louise Brooks, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Glorious Betsy, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, Gordon Hollingshead, cast is Dolores Costello, Conrad Nagel, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Godless Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Lina Basquette, Tom Keene, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Half a Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Esther Ralston, Gary Cooper, genre is romance. Release year is 1928, title is Hangman's House, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Victor McLaglen, June Collyer, genre is romance, drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Hawk's Nest, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Christensen, cast is Milton Sills, Doris Kenyon, genre is crime. Release year is 1928, title is Heart Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Langdon, cast is Harry Langdon, Doris Dawson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is A Lady of Chance, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Norma Shearer, Lowell Sherman, genre is romance. Release year is 1928, title is The Last Command, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is Emil Jannings, Evelyn Brent, William Powell, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1928, title is Laugh, Clown, Laugh, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Lon Chaney, Loretta Young, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1928, title is The Law of the Range, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Tim McCoy, Joan Crawford, Rex Lease, genre is western. Release year is 1928, title is The Legion of the Condemned, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Fay Wray, Gary Cooper, genre is war. Release year is 1928, title is Lights of New York, ethnicity is American, director is Bryan Foy, cast is Helene Costello, Cullen Landis, Eugene Pallette, genre is crime, drama. Release year is 1928, title is Lilac Time, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, Frank Lloyd, cast is Colleen Moore, Gary Cooper, genre is war. Release year is 1928, title is The Lion and the Mouse, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is May McAvoy, Lionel Barrymore, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Love Me and the World Is Mine, ethnicity is American, director is Ewald André Dupont, cast is Mary Philbin, Betty Compson, genre is romance. Release year is 1928, title is The Magnificent Flirt, ethnicity is American, director is Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast, cast is Florence Vidor, Loretta Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is The Man Who Laughs, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Leni, cast is Mary Philbin, Conrad Veidt, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1928, title is The Matinee Idol, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Bessie Love, Johnnie Walker, genre is romance. Release year is 1928, title is The Mating Call, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is Thomas Meighan, Evelyn Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is My Man, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Fanny Brice, Edna Murphy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is The Mysterious Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Greta Garbo, Conrad Nagel, genre is romance, drama. Release year is 1928, title is Naughty Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Alice White, Jack Mulhall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Night Watch, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Korda, cast is Billie Dove, Paul Lukas, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Noah's Ark, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is George O'Brien, Alois Reiser, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is On Trial, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Pauline Frederick, Bert Lytell, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Our Dancing Daughters, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Joan Crawford, Nils Asther, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1928, title is The Patriot, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Emil Jannings, Florence Vidor, genre is historical. Release year is 1928, title is The Red Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Dolores del Río, Charles Farrell, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Red Hair, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Clara Bow, Lane Chandler, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Sadie Thompson, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Gloria Swanson, Lionel Barrymore, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Say It with Sables, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Francis X. Bushman, Helene Chadwick, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Sharp Shooters, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is George O'Brien, Lois Moran, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Show Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Alice White, Donald Reed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Show People, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Marion Davies, William Haines, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is The Showdown, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is George Bancroft, Evelyn Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Singing Fool, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Al Jolson, Betty Bronson, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1928, title is The Smart Set, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is William Haines, Jack Holt, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is So This Is Love?, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Shirley Mason, William Collier Jr., genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Speedy, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Wilde, cast is Harold Lloyd, Ann Christy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Steamboat Bill, Jr., ethnicity is American, director is Charles Riesner, cast is Buster Keaton, Marion Byron, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Stop That Man!, ethnicity is American, director is Nat Ross, cast is Arthur Lake, Barbara Kent, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Street Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Janet Gaynor, Charles Farrell, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1928, title is Submarine, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Jack Holt, Dorothy Revier, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is Tenderloin, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Dolores Costello, Conrad Nagel, genre is crime. Release year is 1928, title is The Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is May McAvoy, Edward Everett Horton, genre is mystery. Release year is 1928, title is That Certain Thing, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Viola Dana, Ralph Graves, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is Three Weekends, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Badger, cast is Clara Bow, Neil Hamilton, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1928, title is The Viking, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Pauline Starke, Donald Crisp, genre is historical. Release year is 1928, title is We Faw Down, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is The Wedding March, ethnicity is American, director is Erich von Stroheim, cast is Erich von Stroheim, Fay Wray, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1928, title is West of Zanzibar, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Lon Chaney, Lionel Barrymore, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1928, title is West Point, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is William Haines, Joan Crawford, genre is romance. Release year is 1928, title is What a Night!, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Bebe Daniels, Neil Hamilton, William Austin, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1928, title is While the City Sleeps, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Lon Chaney, Anita Page, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1928, title is White Shadows in the South Seas, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Monte Blue, Raquel Torres, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1928, title is Wife Savers, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Ceder, cast is Wallace Beery, ZaSu Pitts, Sally Blane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1928, title is The Wind, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Sjöström, cast is Lillian Gish, Lars Hanson, genre is drama. Release year is 1928, title is A Woman of Affairs, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Greta Garbo, John Gilbert, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1929, title is Acquitted, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Lloyd Hughes, Margaret Livingston, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Alibi, ethnicity is American, director is Roland West, cast is Chester Morris, Mae Busch, genre is crime. Release year is 1929, title is Applause, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Helen Morgan, Joan Peers, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is The Argyle Case, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Thomas Meighan, H.B. Warner, Lila Lee, genre is mystery. Release year is 1929, title is The Aviator, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Edward Everett Horton, Patsy Ruth Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Berth Marks, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Paulette Goddard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Betrayal, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Emil Jannings, Esther Ralston, Gary Cooper, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Big Business, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Horne, Leo McCarey, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Pál Fejös, cast is Glenn Tryon, Evelyn Brent, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is Broadway Babies, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Alice White, Marion Byron, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is The Broadway Melody, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Charles King, Anita Page, Bessie Love., genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Bulldog Drummond, ethnicity is American, director is F. Richard Jones, cast is Ronald Colman, Claud Allister, Lawrence Grant, Montagu Love, genre is mystery. Release year is 1929, title is The Canary Murder Case, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is William Powell, Louise Brooks, Jean Arthur, genre is mystery. Release year is 1929, title is Captain Lash, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is Victor McLaglen, Claire Windsor, genre is adventure. Release year is 1929, title is Careers, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Billie Dove, Thelma Todd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Case of Lena Smith, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Esther Ralston, James Hall, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Children of the Ritz, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Dorothy Mackaill, Jack Mulhall, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Close Harmony, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Charles 'Buddy' Rogers, Nancy Carroll, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is The Cocoanuts, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, Joseph Santley, cast is Marx Brothers, Mary Eaton, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Coquette, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Taylor, cast is Mary Pickford, Johnny Mack Brown, Matt Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Cock-Eyed World, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Victor McLaglen, Edmund Lowe, Lili Damita, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Dance Hall, ethnicity is American, director is Melville W. Brown, cast is Olive Borden, Arthur Lake, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is The Dance of Life, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Hal Skelly, Nancy Carroll, Dorothy Revier, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Dangerous Curves, ethnicity is American, director is Lothar Mendes, cast is Clara Bow, Richard Arlen, Kay Francis, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1929, title is A Dangerous Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee Gerald Grove, cast is Olga Baclanova, Clive Brook, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Delightful Rogue, ethnicity is American, director is Lynn Shores, Leslie Pearce, cast is Rod La Rocque, Rita La Roy, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Desert Nights, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is John Gilbert, Ernest Torrence, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Desert Song, ethnicity is American, director is Roy del Ruth, cast is John Boles, Carlotta King, genre is operetta. Release year is 1929, title is Disraeli, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is George Arliss, Joan Bennett, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Divine Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Corinne Griffith, Victor Varconi, genre is historical. Release year is 1929, title is The Donovan Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Jack Holt, Dorothy Revier, genre is comedy mystery. Release year is 1929, title is Drag, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Alice Day, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Dynamite, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Conrad Nagel, Kay Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Eternal Love, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is John Barrymore, Camilla Horn, genre is historical drama. Release year is 1929, title is Fancy Baggage, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is Audrey Ferris, Myrna Loy, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Fast Company, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Evelyn Brent, Jack Oakie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Flight, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Jack Holt, Lila Lee, genre is adventure. Release year is 1929, title is The Flying Fleet, ethnicity is American, director is George W. Hill, cast is Ramon Navarro, Ralph Graves, Anita Page, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1929, title is Footlights and Fools, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Colleen Moore, Raymond Hackett, Fredric March, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Forward Pass, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Loretta Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Fox Movietone Follies of 1929, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Sue Carol, Dixie Lee, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is The Gamblers, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is H.B. Warner, Lois Wilson, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Glorifying the American Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Millard Webb, cast is Mary Eaton, Dan Healy, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is Gold Diggers of Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Nancy Welford, Conway Tearle, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Great Divide, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Barker, cast is Dorothy Mackaill, Myrna Loy, genre is western. Release year is 1929, title is The Great Gabbo, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is Erich von Stroheim, Betty Compson, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Half Marriage, ethnicity is American, director is William J. Cowen, cast is Olive Borden, Morgan Farley, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Hallelujah!, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Daniel L. Haynes, Nina Mae McKinney, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Happy Days, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Marjorie White, Stuart Erwin, Janet Gaynor, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is Hardboiled Rose, ethnicity is American, director is F. Harmon Weight, cast is Myrna Loy, William Collier, Jr., genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is His Glorious Night, ethnicity is American, director is Lionel Barrymore, cast is John Gilbert, Catherine Dale Owen, genre is romance. Release year is 1929, title is Honky Tonk, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Sophie Tucker, Lila Lee, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is Jazz Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Melville W. Brown, cast is Sally O'Neil, Johnny Mack Brown, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Feyder, cast is Greta Garbo, Conrad Nagel, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Lady Lies, ethnicity is American, director is Hobart Henley, cast is Walter Huston, Claudette Colbert, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Lady of the Pavements, ethnicity is American, director is D.W Griffith, cast is Lupe Vélez, William Boyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Last of Mrs. Cheyney, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Norma Shearer, Basil Rathbone, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Last Warning, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Leni, cast is Laura La Plante, Montagu Love, genre is mystery. Release year is 1929, title is The Letter, ethnicity is American, director is Jean de Limur, cast is Jeanne Eagels, Reginald Owen, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Locked Door, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Rod LaRocque, Barbara Stanwyck, William "Stage" Boyd, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Love Parade, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Maurice Chevalier, Jeanette MacDonald, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Lucky Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is George Jessel, Gwen Lee, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is Lucky Star, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Janet Gaynor, Charles Farrell, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1929, title is Madame X, ethnicity is American, director is Lionel Barrymore, cast is Ruth Chatterton, Lewis Stone, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Man I Love, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Richard Arlen, Mary Brian, Olga Baclanova, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Married in Hollywood, ethnicity is American, director is Marcel Silver, cast is J. Harold Murray, Norma Terris, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is Masked Emotions, ethnicity is American, director is Kenneth Hawks, cast is George O'Brien, Nora Lane, genre is adventure. Release year is 1929, title is Mexicali Rose, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Sam Hardy, genre is romance. Release year is 1929, title is The Mysterious Dr. Fu Manchu, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Warner Oland, Jean Arthur, genre is detective. Release year is 1929, title is The Mysterious Island, ethnicity is American, director is Lucien Hubbard, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Jacqueline Gadsden, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1929, title is New Year's Eve, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Lehrman, cast is Mary Astor, Charles Morton, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is New York Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Norma Talmadge, Gilbert Roland, genre is crime. Release year is 1929, title is Night Parade, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Aileen Pringle, Hugh Trevor, Dorothy Gulliver, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is One Hysterical Night, ethnicity is American, director is William James Craft, cast is Reginald Denny, Nora Lane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is On with the Show, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Joe E. Brown, Betty Compson, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Our Modern Maidens, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Joan Crawford, Douglas Fairbanks Jr., genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Pagan, ethnicity is American, director is W.S. Van Dyke, cast is Ramon Novarro, Renee Adoree, Donald Crisp, genre is romance. Release year is 1929, title is Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Irene Bordoni, Jack Buchanan, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Queen Kelly, ethnicity is American, director is Erich von Stroheim, cast is Gloria Swanson, Walter Byron, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Queen of the Night Clubs, ethnicity is American, director is Bryan Foy, cast is Texas Guinan, Lila Lee, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is Redskin, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Richard Dix, Jane Novak, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Rio Rita, ethnicity is American, director is Luther Reed, cast is Bebe Daniels, Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The River, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Charles Farrell, Mary Duncan, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Sally, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Marilyn Miller, Alexander Gray, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Saturday Night Kid, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Clara Bow, Jean Arthur, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Say It with Songs, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Al Jolson, Davey Lee, genre is musical. Release year is 1929, title is Seven Faces, ethnicity is American, director is Berthold Viertel, cast is Paul Muni, Marguerite Churchill, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Seven Footprints to Satan, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Christensen, cast is Thelma Todd, Creighton Hale, genre is horror. Release year is 1929, title is Show Boat, ethnicity is American, director is Harry A. Pollard, cast is Laura La Plante, Joseph Schildkraut, genre is romance. Release year is 1929, title is Side Street, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Owen Moore, Emma Dunn, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Single Standard, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is Greta Garbo, Nils Asther, Johnny Mack Brown, genre is romance drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Sky Hawk, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is John Garrick, Helen Chandler, genre is war. Release year is 1929, title is Smilin' Guns, ethnicity is American, director is Henry MacRae, cast is Hoot Gibson, Blanche Mehaffey, genre is western. Release year is 1929, title is Smiling Irish Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Colleen Moore, James Hall, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is So Long Letty, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Charlotte Greenwood, Claude Gillingwater, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Spite Marriage, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick Buster Keaton, cast is Buster Keaton, Dorothy Sebastian, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Squall, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Korda, cast is Richard Tucker, Alice Joyce, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Stark Mad, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is H.B. Warner, Louise Fazenda, Jacqueline Logan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1929, title is Street Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Betty Compson, John Harron, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Sunny Side Up, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Janet Gaynor, Marjorie White, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Syncopation, ethnicity is American, director is Bert Glennon, cast is Barbara Bennett, Bobby Watson, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Synthetic Sin, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Colleen Moore, Antonio Moreno, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Tanned Legs, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Neilan, cast is Arthur Lake, June Clyde, Dorothy Revier, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Thirteenth Chair, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Conrad Nagel, Leila Hyams, genre is mystery. Release year is 1929, title is This Is Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Vilma Bánky, James Hall, genre is romance. Release year is 1929, title is This Thing Called Love, ethnicity is American, director is Paul L. Stein, cast is Edmund Lowe, Constance Bennett, genre is romance musical. Release year is 1929, title is Thunderbolt, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is George Bancroft, Fay Wray, Richard Arlen, genre is crime. Release year is 1929, title is Trent's Last Case, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Raymond Griffith, Marceline Day, genre is detective. Release year is 1929, title is The Trespasser, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Gloria Swanson, Robert Ames, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Under the Southern Cross, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Collins, cast is Patiti Warbrick, Witarina Mitchell, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Vagabond Lover, ethnicity is American, director is Neil Marshall, cast is Rudy Vallée, Sally Blane, Marie Dressler, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Valiant, ethnicity is American, director is William K. Howard, cast is Paul Muni, Marguerite Churchill, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Very Idea, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rosson, cast is Frank Craven, Hugh Trevor, Sally Blane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Virginian, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Gary Cooper, Walter Huston, genre is western. Release year is 1929, title is Weary River, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Betty Compson, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1929, title is Wedding Rings, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is H.B. Warner, Lois Wilson, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Welcome Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Bruckman, Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Where East is East, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Lon Chaney, Lupe Vélez, genre is adventure. Release year is 1929, title is Why Be Good?, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Colleen Moore, Neil Hamilton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Wild Orchids, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Greta Garbo, Lewis Stone, Nils Asther, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is The Wolf Song, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Gary Cooper, Lupe Vélez, genre is comedy. Release year is 1929, title is Woman Trap, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Hal Skelly, Chester Morris, Evelyn Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1929, title is Words and Music, ethnicity is American, director is James Tinling, cast is Lois Moran, Helen Twelvetrees, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1929, title is The Younger Generation, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Jean Hersholt, Lina Basquette, Ricardo Cortez, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Abraham Lincoln, ethnicity is American, director is D. W. Griffith, cast is Walter Huston, Kay Hammond, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Africa Speaks!, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Futter, cast is Paul Hoefler, Lowell Thomas, genre is documentary. Release year is 1930, title is Alias French Gertie, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Bebe Daniels, Ben Lyon, genre is crime. Release year is 1930, title is All Quiet on the Western Front, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Lew Ayres, Louis Wolheim, Arnold Lucy, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1930, title is Animal Crackers, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Heerman, cast is Groucho Marx, Harpo Marx, Margaret Dumont, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Anna Christie, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Greta Garbo, Marie Dressler, Charles Bickford, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Bat Whispers, ethnicity is American, director is Roland West, cast is Chester Morris, Maude Eburne, Chance Ward, genre is horror, comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Beau Bandit, ethnicity is American, director is Lambert Hillyer, cast is Rod La Rocque, Doris Kenyon, genre is western. Release year is 1930, title is Behind the Make-Up, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Milton, cast is William Powell, Fay Wray, Kay Francis, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Benson Murder Case, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is William Powell, Paul Lukas, Natalie Moorehead, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Big House, ethnicity is American, director is George W. Hill, cast is Wallace Beery, Robert Montgomery, Lewis Stone, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Big Pond, ethnicity is American, director is Hobart Henley, cast is Maurice Chevalier, Claudette Colbert, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Big Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is John Wayne, Marguerite Churchill, genre is western. Release year is 1930, title is The Bishop Murder Case, ethnicity is American, director is Nick Grinde, cast is Basil Rathbone, Leila Hyams, Roland Young, genre is mystery. Release year is 1930, title is Born Reckless, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Bennison, John Ford, cast is Edmund Lowe, Catherine Dale Owen, Frank Albertson, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1930, title is Borrowed Wives, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Rex Lease, Vera Reynolds, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Boudoir Diplomat, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Betty Compson, Mary Duncan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Bride of the Regiment, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Vivienne Segal, Walter Pidgeon, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Bright Lights, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is James Murray, Noah Beery, Dorothy Mackaill, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Call of the Flesh, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Brabin, cast is Ramón Novarro, Dorothy Jordan, Ernest Torrence, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is The Case of Sergeant Grischa, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Chester Morris, Betty Compson, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Chasing Rainbows, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Bessie Love, Charles King, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Check and Double Check, ethnicity is American, director is Melville W. Brown, cast is Freeman F. Gosden, Charles J. Correll, Duke Ellington, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Children of Pleasure, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Lawrence Gray, Wynne Gibson, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Conspiracy, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Ned Sparks, Bessie Love, George Irving, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Courage, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Belle Bennett, Marian Nixon, Blanche Friderici, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Cuckoos, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Sloane, cast is Bert Wheeler, Dorothy Lee, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Dancing Sweeties, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Grant Withers, Sue Carol, Tully Marshall, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Dangerous Nan McGrew, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Helen Kane, Victor Moore, Frank Morgan, genre is comedy, western. Release year is 1930, title is The Dawn Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Neil Hamilton, Frank McHugh, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1930, title is The Devil to Pay!, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Ronald Colman, Loretta Young, Myrna Loy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Devil's Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Nancy Carroll, Phillips Holmes, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Divorcee, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Norma Shearer, Chester Morris, Robert Montgomery, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Dixiana, ethnicity is American, director is Luther Reed, cast is Bebe Daniels, Bert Wheeler, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is The Doorway to Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is James Cagney, Lew Ayres, Robert Elliott, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1930, title is Doughboys, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Buster Keaton, Sally Eilers, Edward Brophy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Dumbbells in Ermine, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is Robert Armstrong, Barbara Kent, Beryl Mercer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Extravagance, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is June Collyer, Lloyd Hughes, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Fall Guy, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Pearce, cast is Ned Sparks, Mae Clarke, Jack Mulhall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Fast and Loose, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Carole Lombard, Frank Morgan, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Feet First, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Bruckman, cast is Harold Lloyd, Barbara Kent, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Florodora Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Marion Davies, Lawrence Gray, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is For the Defense, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is William Powell, Kay Francis, William B. Davidson, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Framed, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Evelyn Brent, Regis Toomey, genre is crime. Release year is 1930, title is Free and Easy, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Buster Keaton, Robert Montgomery, Anita Page, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Furies, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Lois Wilson, H.B. Warner, genre is mystery. Release year is 1930, title is General Crack, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is John Barrymore, Marian Nixon, Lowell Sherman, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Girl of the Port, ethnicity is American, director is Bert Glennon, cast is Sally O'Neil, Mitchell Lewis, genre is romance. Release year is 1930, title is The Girl Said No, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is William Haines, Marie Dressler, Polly Moran, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Gorilla, ethnicity is American, director is Bryan Foy, cast is Joe Frisco, Walter Pidgeon, Lila Lee, genre is mystery. Release year is 1930, title is The Green Goddess, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is George Arliss, Alice Joyce, H.B. Warner, genre is adventure. Release year is 1930, title is Golden Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Walter Woolf King, Vivienne Segal, genre is operetta. Release year is 1930, title is Going Wild, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Joe E. Brown, Lawrence Gray, Ona Munson, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Grumpy, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Cyril Maude, Frances Dade, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Half Shot at Sunrise, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Sloane, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Dorothy Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is He Knew Women, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh Herbert, cast is Lowell Sherman, Alice Joyce, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Hell Harbor, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Lupe Velez, Jean Hersholt, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Hell's Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hughes, cast is Jean Harlow, Ben Lyon, James Hall, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1930, title is Hell's Heroes, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Charles Bickford, Raymond Hatton, genre is western. Release year is 1930, title is Hide-Out, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Barker, cast is James Murray, Kathryn Crawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is High Society Blues, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Janet Gaynor, Charles Farrell, Hedda Hopper, genre is musical, comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Hit the Deck, ethnicity is American, director is Luther Reed, cast is Jack Oakie, Roger Gray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Hold Everything, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Winnie Lightner, Joe E. Brown, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Hook, Line and Sinker, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Bert Wheeler, Dorothy Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Hot Curves, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Benny Rubin, Rex Lease, Alice Day, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Inside the Lines, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Pomeroy, cast is Betty Compson, Montagu Love, Betty Carter, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1930, title is Isle of Escape, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Monte Blue, Myrna Loy, genre is adventure. Release year is 1930, title is Journey's End, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Colin Clive, David Manners, genre is war. Release year is 1930, title is Just Imagine, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Maureen O'Sullivan, John Garrick, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Kismet, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Otis Skinner, Loretta Young, David Manners, genre is costume drama. Release year is 1930, title is Ladies of Leisure, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Ralph Graves, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1930, title is A Lady Surrenders, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Genevieve Tobin, Conrad Nagel, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is A Lady to Love, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Sjostrom, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Vilma Bánky, Robert Ames, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Lash, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Mary Astor, Marian Nixon, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Laughter, ethnicity is American, director is Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast, cast is Nancy Carroll, Fredric March, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Lawful Larceny, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Bebe Daniels, Olive Tell, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Leathernecking, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Irene Dunne, Ken Murray, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Let Us Be Gay, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Norma Shearer, Marie Dressler, Rod La Rocque, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Life of the Party, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Winnie Lightner, Jack Whiting, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Loose Ankles, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Wilde, cast is Loretta Young, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Love Comes Along, ethnicity is American, director is Rupert Julian, cast is Bebe Daniels, Montagu Love, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Lovin' the Ladies, ethnicity is American, director is Melville W. Brown, cast is Richard Dix, Rita La Roy, Lois Wilson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Madam Satan, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Kay Johnson, Reginald Denny, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Mamba, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Jean Hersholt, Eleanor Boardman, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Mammy, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Al Jolson, Lois Moran, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is The Man from Blankley's, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is John Barrymore, Loretta Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is A Man from Wyoming, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Gary Cooper, June Collyer, Regis Toomey, genre is war. Release year is 1930, title is The Man Hunter, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Rin Tin Tin, Nora Lane, genre is adventure. Release year is 1930, title is Manslaughter, ethnicity is American, director is George Abbott, cast is Claudette Colbert, Fredric March, Natalie Moorehead, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Matrimonial Bed, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Frank Fay, Lilyan Tashman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Maybe It's Love, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Joan Bennett, Joe E. Brown, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Midnight Mystery, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Betty Compson, Lowell Sherman, genre is mystery. Release year is 1930, title is Min and Bill, ethnicity is American, director is George W. Hill, cast is Marie Dressler, Wallace Beery, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1930, title is Moby Dick, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is John Barrymore, Joan Bennett, Noble Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Montana Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Joan Crawford, Ricardo Cortez, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Monte Carlo, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Jack Buchanan, ZaSu Pitts, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Morocco, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is Marlene Dietrich, Gary Cooper, Adolphe Menjou, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Mothers Cry, ethnicity is American, director is Hobart Henley, cast is Dorothy Peterson, Helen Chandler, David Manners, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Murder Will Out, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Jack Mulhall, Lila Lee, Noah Beery, genre is mystery. Release year is 1930, title is Near the Rainbow's End, ethnicity is American, director is J. P. McGowan, cast is Bob Steele, Louise Lorraine, genre is western. Release year is 1930, title is No, No, Nanette, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence G. Badger, cast is Bernice Claire, Alexander Gray, Lucien Littlefield, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is A Notorious Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Billie Dove, Basil Rathbone, Kay Francis, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1930, title is Numbered Men, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Bernice Claire, Conrad Nagel, genre is prison drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Office Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Dorothy Mackaill, Lewis Stone, Joan Blondell, genre is romance. Release year is 1930, title is Oh Sailor Behave, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Irene Delroy, Lowell Sherman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Oklahoma Cyclone, ethnicity is American, director is John P. McCarthy, cast is Bob Steele, Slim Whitaker, genre is western. Release year is 1930, title is On Your Back, ethnicity is American, director is Guthrie McClintic, cast is Irene Rich, Raymond Hackett, H. B. Warner, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is One Night at Susie's, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Billie Dove, Douglas Fairbanks Jr., genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Only the Brave, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Gary Cooper, Mary Brian, Guy Oliver, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1930, title is The Other Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Billie Dove, Kenneth Thomson, Grant Withers, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Our Blushing Brides, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, Bess Meredyth, cast is Joan Crawford, Robert Montgomery, Anita Page, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Outside the Law, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Mary Nolan, Owen Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Outward Bound, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Milton, cast is Leslie Howard, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Helen Chandler, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Part Time Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Edmund Lowe, Leila Hyams, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Pay-Off, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Lowell Sherman, Marian Nixon, William Janney, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Playing Around, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Alice White, Chester Morris, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Raffles, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Ronald Colman, Kay Francis, genre is mystery. Release year is 1930, title is Reaching for the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Edward Everett Horton, Bing Crosby, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Recaptured Love, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is Belle Bennett, Dorothy Burgess, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is River's End, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Charles Bickford, Evalyn Knapp, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Road to Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Loretta Young, Jack Mulhall, George Barraud, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Rogue Song, ethnicity is American, director is Lionel Barrymore, cast is Lawrence Tibbett, Clifford Grey, genre is operetta. Release year is 1930, title is Romance, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Greta Garbo, Lewis Stone, genre is romance. Release year is 1930, title is Rough Romance, ethnicity is American, director is A.F. Erickson, cast is George O'Brien, Helen Chandler, genre is western. Release year is 1930, title is Rough Waters, ethnicity is American, director is John Daumery, cast is Rin Tin Tin, Jobyna Ralston, genre is adventure. Release year is 1930, title is The Runaway Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Donald Crisp, cast is Mary Astor, Lloyd Hughes, Paul Hurst, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Safety in Numbers, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Carole Lombard, Charles Rogers, Kathryn Crawford, genre is musical, comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Sap from Syracuse, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Jack Oakie, Ginger Rogers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Sarah and Son, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Arzner, cast is Ruth Chatterton, Fredric March, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Scarlet Pages, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Elsie Ferguson, John Halliday, Grant Withers, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Sea God, ethnicity is American, director is George Abbott, cast is Richard Arlen, Fay Wray, genre is adventure. Release year is 1930, title is Second Choice, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Dolores Costello, Chester Morris, genre is romance. Release year is 1930, title is The Second Floor Mystery, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Grant Withers, Loretta Young, H.B. Warner, genre is mystery. Release year is 1930, title is Second Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Mack, cast is Conrad Nagel, Lila Lee, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Shadow of the Law, ethnicity is American, director is Louis J. Gasnier, cast is William Powell, Marion Shilling, genre is crime. Release year is 1930, title is She's My Weakness, ethnicity is American, director is Melville W. Brown, cast is Sue Carol, Arthur Lake, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Shooting Straight, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Richard Dix, James Neill, genre is crime. Release year is 1930, title is Show Girl in Hollywood, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Alice White, Jack Mulhall, Blanche Sweet, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Silver Horde, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Evelyn Brent, Joel McCrea, Jean Arthur, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Sin Takes a Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is Paul L. Stein, cast is Constance Bennett, Basil Rathbone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Sinners' Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is Grant Withers, Evalyn Knapp, genre is crime. Release year is 1930, title is The Social Lion, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Jack Oakie, Mary Brian, Richard 'Skeets' Gallagher, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is A Soldier's Plaything, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Ben Lyon, Harry Langdon, Noah Beery, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1930, title is Son of the Gods, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Constance Bennett, genre is romance. Release year is 1930, title is Song of the Flame, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Alexander Gray, Bernice Claire, Noah Beery, genre is operetta. Release year is 1930, title is Song of the West, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is John Boles, Vivienne Segal, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Soup to Nuts, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Ted Healy, Shemp Howard, Frances McCoy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Spoilers, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin Carewe, cast is Gary Cooper, Kay Johnson, genre is western. Release year is 1930, title is Spring Is Here, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Lawrence Gray, Bernice Claire, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Street of Chance, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is William Powell, Jean Arthur, Kay Francis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Such Men Are Dangerous, ethnicity is American, director is Kenneth Hawks, cast is Catherine Dale Owen, Hedda Hopper, Bela Lugosi, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Sunny, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Marilyn Miller, Lawrence Gray, O.P. Heggie, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Sweet Kitty Bellairs, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Claudia Dell, Walter Pidgeon, Ernest Torrence, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Sweet Mama, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Alice White, David Manners, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Texan, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Gary Cooper, Fay Wray, Emma Dunn, genre is western. Release year is 1930, title is They Learned About Women, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, Sam Wood, cast is Van and Schenck, Bessie Love, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Those Three French Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Fifi D'Orsay, Reginald Denny, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is Those Who Dance, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Monte Blue, Lila Lee, Betty Compson, genre is crime. Release year is 1930, title is Three Faces East, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Constance Bennett, Erich von Stroheim, genre is spy drama. Release year is 1930, title is Tom Sawyer, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Jackie Coogan, Junior Durkin, Mitzi Green, genre is adventure. Release year is 1930, title is Troopers Three, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, B. Reeves Eason, cast is Rex Lease, Dorothy Gulliver, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Unholy Three, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Lon Chaney, Lila Lee, Harry Earles, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1930, title is Up the River, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Spencer Tracy, Humphrey Bogart, Claire Luce, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1930, title is The Vagabond King, ethnicity is American, director is Ludwig Berger, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, O.P. Heggie, Lillian Roth, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is Viennese Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Vivienne Segal, Walter Pidgeon, genre is musical. Release year is 1930, title is The Virtuous Sin, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Walter Huston, Kay Francis, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1930, title is War Nurse, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar Selwyn, cast is Robert Montgomery, Anita Page, June Walker, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1930, title is The Way of All Men, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Dorothy Revier, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Way Out West, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is William Haines, Polly Moran, Leila Hyams, genre is comedy, western. Release year is 1930, title is What a Man!, ethnicity is American, director is George Crone, cast is Reginald Denny, Miriam Seegar, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1930, title is What Men Want, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Laemmle, cast is Pauline Starke, Ben Lyon, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Wide Open, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Edward Everett Horton, Patsy Ruth Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1930, title is The Widow From Chicago, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Alice White, Frank McHugh, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1930, title is Young Eagles, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Jean Arthur, Charles Rogers, Paul Lukas, genre is drama. Release year is 1930, title is Young Man of Manhattan, ethnicity is American, director is Monta Bell, cast is Claudette Colbert, Ginger Rogers, Charles Ruggles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is 24 Hours, ethnicity is American, director is Marion Gering, cast is Kay Francis, Miriam Hopkins, Regis Toomey, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Alexander Hamilton, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is George Arliss, Doris Kenyon, Montagu Love, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Ambassador Bill, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Taylor, cast is Will Rogers, Marguerite Churchill, Greta Nissen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Annabelle's Affairs, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Victor McLaglen, Jeanette MacDonald, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Are These Our Children?, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Eric Linden, Ben Alexander, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Arizona, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Laura La Plante, John Wayne, June Clyde, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Arrowsmith, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Ronald Colman, Helen Hayes, Myrna Loy, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Avenger, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Buck Jones, Dorothy Revier, genre is western. Release year is 1931, title is Bachelor Apartment, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Irene Dunne, Lowell Sherman, Mae Murray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The Bachelor Father, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Marion Davies, Ralph Forbes, C. Aubrey Smith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Bad Company, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Helen Twelvetrees, Ricardo Cortez, John Garrick, genre is crime. Release year is 1931, title is Bad Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Sally Eilers, James Dunn, Minna Gombell, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Bad Sister, ethnicity is American, director is Hobart Henley, cast is Conrad Nagel, Bette Davis, Humphrey Bogart, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Beau Ideal, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Ralph Forbes, Loretta Young, genre is adventure. Release year is 1931, title is Behind Office Doors, ethnicity is American, director is Melville W. Brown, cast is Mary Astor, Ricardo Cortez, Catherine Dale Owen, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Beyond Victory, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is Bill Boyd, James Gleason, genre is war. Release year is 1931, title is The Big Shot, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Eddie Quillan, Maureen O'Sullivan, Mary Nolan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The Black Camel, ethnicity is American, director is Hamilton MacFadden, cast is Warner Oland, Sally Eilers, Bela Lugosi, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is Blonde Crazy, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Ray Milland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Body and Soul, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Charles Farrell, Elissa Landi, Humphrey Bogart, genre is action. Release year is 1931, title is Border Law, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Buck Jones, Jim Mason, Lupita Tovar, genre is western. Release year is 1931, title is Born to Love, ethnicity is American, director is Paul L. Stein, cast is Joel McCrea, Constance Bennett, Paul Cavanagh, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Bought, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Constance Bennett, Ben Lyon, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Branded, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Buck Jones, [Wallace MacDonald]], genre is western. Release year is 1931, title is Broadminded, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Joe E. Brown, Marjorie White, Bela Lugosi, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Captain Applejack, ethnicity is American, director is Hobart Henley, cast is Mary Brian, Kay Strozzi, John Halliday, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Caught Cheating, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Charles Murray, Dorothy Christy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Caught Plastered, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Dorothy Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The Champ, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Wallace Beery, Jackie Cooper, Irene Rich, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Chances, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Rose Hobart, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Charlie Chan Carries On, ethnicity is American, director is Hamilton MacFadden, cast is Warner Oland, John Garrick, genre is mystery. Release year is 1931, title is The Cheat, ethnicity is American, director is George Abbott, cast is Tallulah Bankhead, Harvey Stephens, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Children of Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Tom Patricola, Marion Byron, genre is musical. Release year is 1931, title is Cimarron, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Irene Dunne, Richard Dix, Estelle Taylor, genre is drama, western. Release year is 1931, title is City Lights, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charles Chaplin, Virginia Cherrill, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1931, title is City Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Gary Cooper, Sylvia Sidney, Paul Lukas, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is The Common Law, ethnicity is American, director is Paul L. Stein, cast is Constance Bennett, Joel McCrea, Hedda Hopper, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Confessions of a Co-Ed, ethnicity is American, director is Dudley Murphy, cast is Phillips Holmes, Sylvia Sidney, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Consolation Marriage, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Sloane, cast is Irene Dunne, Pat O'Brien, Myrna Loy, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Corsair, ethnicity is American, director is Roland West, cast is Chester Morris, Thelma Todd, genre is crime. Release year is 1931, title is Cracked Nuts, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Bert Wheeler, Dorothy Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The Criminal Code, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Walter Huston, Constance Cummings, Boris Karloff, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is The Cuban Love Song, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Lupe Vélez, Lawrence Tibbett, Jimmy Durante, genre is musical. Release year is 1931, title is Dance, Fools, Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Joan Crawford, Lester Vail, Clark Gable, genre is crime. Release year is 1931, title is Daughter of the Dragon, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Corrigan, cast is Anna May Wong, Warner Oland, Sessue Hayakawa, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Devotion, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Milton, cast is Ann Harding, Leslie Howard, genre is romance. Release year is 1931, title is Dirigible, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Jack Holt, Fay Wray, Ralph Graves, genre is adventure. Release year is 1931, title is Don't Bet on Women, ethnicity is American, director is William K. Howard, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Edmund Lowe, Roland Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Fredric March, Miriam Hopkins, Rose Hobart, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1931, title is Dracula, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Bela Lugosi, Helen Chandler, David Manners, genre is horror. Release year is 1931, title is The Drums of Jeopardy, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Warner Oland, June Collyer, Hale Hamilton, genre is drama, thriller. Release year is 1931, title is The Easiest Way, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Constance Bennett, Adolphe Menjou, Clark Gable, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is East Lynne, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Ann Harding, Clive Brook, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is East of Borneo, ethnicity is American, director is George Melford, cast is Rose Hobart, Charles Bickford, Lupita Tovar, genre is adventure. Release year is 1931, title is Everything's Rosie, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Bruckman, cast is Robert Woolsey, Anita Louise, John Darrow, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The False Madonna, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Walker, cast is Kay Francis, Conway Tearle, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Fanny Foley Herself, ethnicity is American, director is Melville W. Brown, cast is Edna May Oliver, Helen Chandler, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1931, title is Fifty Million Frenchmen, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Ole Olsen, Chic Johnson, William Gaxton, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Fighting Caravans, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Brower, David Burton, cast is Gary Cooper, Lili Damita, genre is western. Release year is 1931, title is The Fighting Marshal, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Tim McCoy, Dorothy Gulliver, genre is western. Release year is 1931, title is The Finger Points, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Fay Wray, Clark Gable, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is Five Star Final, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Edward G. Robinson, H. B. Warner, Marian Marsh, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Flying High, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Bert Lahr, Kathryn Crawford, Charles Winninger, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Frankenstein, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Boris Karloff, Frederick Kerr, Mae Clarke, genre is horror, science fiction. Release year is 1931, title is A Free Soul, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Norma Shearer, Lionel Barrymore, Clark Gable, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Freighters of Destiny, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Allen, cast is Tom Keene, Barbara Kent, genre is western. Release year is 1931, title is Friends and Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Lili Damita, Adolphe Menjou, Laurence Olivier, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Front Page, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Pat O'Brien, Adolphe Menjou, Edward Everett Horton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Gentleman's Fate, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is John Gilbert, Louis Wolheim, Leila Hyams, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Girl of the Rio, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Dolores del Río, Norman Foster, Boris Karloff, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Girls About Town, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Kay Francis, Lilyan Tashman, Joel McCrea, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is God's Gift to Women, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Frank Fay, Laura La Plante, Joan Blondell, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Goldie, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Spencer Tracy, Jean Harlow, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The Great Lover, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Adolphe Menjou, Irene Dunne, Neil Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Grief Street, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Barbara Kent, John Holland, Dorothy Christy, genre is romantic crime/mystery. Release year is 1931, title is The Guardsman, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Alfred Lunt, Lynn Fontanne, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1931, title is Guilty Hands, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Kay Francis, Polly Moran, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is Gun Smoke, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sloman, cast is Richard Arlen, Mary Brian, genre is western. Release year is 1931, title is Heaven on Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Mack, cast is Lew Ayres, Anita Louise, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Hell Divers, ethnicity is American, director is George W. Hill, cast is Wallace Beery, Clark Gable, Conrad Nagel, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1931, title is His Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sloman, cast is Gary Cooper, Claudette Colbert, genre is romance. Release year is 1931, title is A Holy Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is George O'Brien, Sally Eilers, Humphrey Bogart, genre is western. Release year is 1931, title is Honor Among Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Arzner, cast is Claudette Colbert, Fredric March, Ginger Rogers, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is A House Divided, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Walter Huston, Helen Chandler, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is I Like Your Nerve, ethnicity is American, director is William C. McGann, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Loretta Young, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1931, title is I Take This Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Marion Gering, cast is Gary Cooper, Carole Lombard, genre is romance. Release year is 1931, title is Illicit, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, James Rennie, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Indiscreet, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Gloria Swanson, Ben Lyon, Monroe Owsley, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1931, title is Inspiration, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Greta Garbo, Robert Montgomery, Lewis Stone, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Iron Man, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Lew Ayres, Robert Armstrong, Jean Harlow, genre is film noir. Release year is 1931, title is It Pays to Advertise, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Norman Foster, Carole Lombard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Just a Gigolo, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is William Haines, Irene Purcell, Ray Milland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Kept Husbands, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Dorothy Mackaill, Joel McCrea, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Kiki, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Taylor, cast is Mary Pickford, Reginald Denny, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Ladies of the Big House, ethnicity is American, director is Marion Gering, cast is Sylvia Sidney, Gene Raymond, Wynne Gibson, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Lady Refuses, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Betty Compson, John Darrow, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Last Flight, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Richard Barthelmess, David Manners, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Laugh and Get Rich, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Hugh Herbert, Edna May Oliver, Dorothy Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Laughing Sinners, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Joan Crawford, Neil Hamilton, Clark Gable, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Little Caesar, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Glenda Farrell, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is Local Boy Makes Good, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Joe E. Brown, Dorothy Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Lonely Wives, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Mack, cast is Edward Everett Horton, Laura La Plante, Esther Ralston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The Magnificent Lie, ethnicity is American, director is Berthold Viertel, cast is Ruth Chatterton, Ralph Bellamy, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Maltese Falcon, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Ricardo Cortez, Bebe Daniels, Una Merkel, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Man in Possession, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Robert Montgomery, Charlotte Greenwood, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Man of the World, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is William Powell, Carole Lombard, genre is romance. Release year is 1931, title is Mata Hari, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Greta Garbo, Ramón Novarro, Lionel Barrymore, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Men in Her Life, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Lois Moran, Charles Bickford, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Men of Chance, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Ricardo Cortez, Mary Astor, Ralph Ince, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is Men of the Sky, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Irene Delroy, Bramwell Fletcher, genre is musical. Release year is 1931, title is Millie, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Helen Twelvetrees, Lilyan Tashman, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Millionaire, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is George Arliss, James Cagney, Noah Beery, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Miracle Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, David Manners, Sam Hardy, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Monkey Business, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Groucho Marx, Harpo Marx, Chico Marx, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Mr. Lemon of Orange, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is El Brendel, Fifi D'Orsay, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Murder at Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Alice White, Aileen Pringle, genre is mystery. Release year is 1931, title is Murder by the Clock, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sloman, cast is Lilyan Tashman, Regis Toomey, genre is mystery. Release year is 1931, title is My Sin, ethnicity is American, director is George Abbott, cast is Tallulah Bankhead, Fredric March, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Naughty Flirt, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Alice White, Paul Page, Myrna Loy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Nice Women, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin H. Knopf, cast is Sidney Fox, Frances Dee, genre is romance. Release year is 1931, title is Night Nurse, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Joan Blondell, Ben Lyon, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Other Men's Women, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Grant Withers, Regis Toomey, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Painted Desert, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Higgin, cast is William Boyd, Clark Gable, genre is western. Release year is 1931, title is Pardon Us, ethnicity is American, director is James Parrott, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Parlor, Bedroom and Bath, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Buster Keaton, Charlotte Greenwood, Reginald Denny, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Peach O'Reno, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Dorothy Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Platinum Blonde, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Loretta Young, Jean Harlow, Robert Williams, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Politics, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Marie Dressler, Polly Moran, Roscoe Ates, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Possessed, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Joan Crawford, Clark Gable, Wallace Ford, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Private Lives, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Norma Shearer, Robert Montgomery, Reginald Denny, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Public Enemy, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is James Cagney, Jean Harlow, Edward Woods, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is Quick Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland Brown, cast is Spencer Tracy, Sally Eilers, George Raft, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is Reducing, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Marie Dressler, Polly Moran, Anita Page, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The Road to Reno, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Lilyan Tashman, Charles Rogers, Peggy Shannon, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Road to Singapore, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is William Powell, Doris Kenyon, Louis Calhern, genre is romance. Release year is 1931, title is The Royal Bed, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Mary Astor, Anthony Bushell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The Runaround, ethnicity is American, director is William James Craft, cast is Mary Brian, Marie Prevost, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Safe in Hell, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Dorothy Mackaill, Donald Cook, genre is thriller. Release year is 1931, title is Salvation Nell, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is Ralph Graves, Helen Chandler, Sally O'Neil, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Scandal Sheet, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is George Bancroft, Kay Francis, Clive Brook, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Sea Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Alan Hale, Laura La Plante, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Secret Service, ethnicity is American, director is J. Walter Ruben, cast is Richard Dix, Shirley Grey, genre is war. Release year is 1931, title is The Secret Six, ethnicity is American, director is George W. Hill, cast is Wallace Beery, Lewis Stone, genre is crime. Release year is 1931, title is Seed, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is John Boles, Lois Wilson, Genevieve Tobin, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Side Show, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Winnie Lightner, Charles Butterworth, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Sidewalks of New York, ethnicity is American, director is Zion Meyers, Jules White, cast is Buster Keaton, Anita Page, Cliff Edwards, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is The Sin of Madelon Claudet, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar Selwyn, cast is Helen Hayes, Lewis Stone, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Sin Ship, ethnicity is American, director is Louis Wolheim, cast is Mary Astor, Ian Keith, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Sit Tight, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Winnie Lightner, Joe E. Brown, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Skippy, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Jackie Cooper, Mitzi Green, Jackie Searl, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1931, title is Sky Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Lloyd Hughes, Marceline Day, genre is adventure. Release year is 1931, title is Smart Money, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Edward G. Robinson, James Cagney, Margaret Livingston, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1931, title is Smart Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Mary Astor, Robert Ames, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Smiling Lieutenant, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Maurice Chevalier, Claudette Colbert, Miriam Hopkins, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Son of India, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Feyder, cast is Ramón Novarro, Madge Evans, genre is romance. Release year is 1931, title is Sporting Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Brabin, cast is Clark Gable, Madge Evans, genre is sports. Release year is 1931, title is The Squaw Man, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Warner Baxter, Lupe Vélez, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Star Witness, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Walter Huston, Frances Starr, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1931, title is Stolen Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is George Abbott, cast is Nancy Carroll, Phillips Holmes, Louis Calhern, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Strangers May Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Norma Shearer, Robert Montgomery, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Street Scene, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Sylvia Sidney, Estelle Taylor, Beulah Bondi, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Strictly Dishonorable, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Paul Lukas, Sidney Fox, Lewis Stone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Suicide Fleet, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is William Boyd, James Gleason, Ginger Rogers, genre is war. Release year is 1931, title is Surrender, ethnicity is American, director is William K. Howard, cast is Warner Baxter, Leila Hyams, genre is war. Release year is 1931, title is Susan Lenox (Her Fall and Rise), ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Clark Gable, Greta Garbo, Jean Hersholt, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Sweepstakes, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is James Gleason, Marian Nixon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Tabu, ethnicity is American, director is F. W. Murnau, cast is Matahi, Anne Chevalier, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Tarnished Lady, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Tallulah Bankhead, Clive Brook, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Ten Cents a Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Lionel Barrymore, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Ricardo Cortez, genre is romance drama. Release year is 1931, title is This Modern Age, ethnicity is American, director is Nick Grinde, cast is Joan Crawford, Neil Hamilton, Pauline Frederick, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Three Who Loved, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Betty Compson, Conrad Nagel, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Tip-Off, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Eddie Quillan, Ginger Rogers, Robert Armstrong, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Tonight or Never, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Gloria Swanson, Constance Cummings, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Too Many Cooks, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Bert Wheeler, Dorothy Lee, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Touchdown, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Richard Arlen, Peggy Shannon, genre is sports. Release year is 1931, title is Trader Horn, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Harry Carey, Edwina Booth, C. Aubrey Smith, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1931, title is Transgression, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Kay Francis, Paul Cavanagh, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Traveling Husbands, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Sloane, cast is Evelyn Brent, Constance Cummings, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Unholy Garden, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Ronald Colman, Fay Wray, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Up for Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Monta Bell, cast is Lew Ayres, Genevieve Tobin, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Viking, ethnicity is American, director is George Melford, cast is Louise Huntington, Charles Starrett, Arthur Vinton, genre is adventure film. Release year is 1931, title is Waterloo Bridge, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Mae Clarke, Bette Davis, Frederick Kerr, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1931, title is Way Back Home, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Phillips Lord, Bette Davis, Frank Albertson, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1931, title is West of Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is John Gilbert, Lois Moran, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is White Shoulders, ethnicity is American, director is Melville W. Brown, cast is Mary Astor, Jack Holt, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Woman Between, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Lili Damita, Lester Vail, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is A Woman of Experience, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Joe Brown, cast is Helen Twelvetrees, William Bakewell, genre is war drama. Release year is 1931, title is Women of All Nations, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Victor McLaglen, Edmund Lowe, Greta Nissen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1931, title is Working Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Arzner, cast is Judith Wood, Dorothy Hall, Paul Lukas, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is The Yellow Ticket, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Laurence Olivier, Elissa Landi, genre is drama. Release year is 1931, title is Young Donovan's Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Niblo, cast is Richard Dix, Marion Shilling, Jackie Cooper, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is 20,000 Years in Sing Sing, ethnicity is American, director is Curtiz, MichaelMichael Curtiz, cast is Spencer Tracy, Bette Davis, Arthur Byron, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is 70,000 Witnesses, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Dorothy Jordan, Phillips Holmes, genre is mystery. Release year is 1932, title is After the Ball, ethnicity is American, director is Milton Rosmer, cast is Esther Ralston, Basil Rathbone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is After Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Charles Farrell, Marian Nixon, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Age of Consent, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Dorothy Wilson, Arline Judge, John Halliday, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Air Mail, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Ralph Bellamy, Pat O'Brien, Gloria Stuart, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1932, title is The All American, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Mack, cast is Richard Arlen, Andy Devine, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Almost Married, ethnicity is American, director is William Cameron Menzies, cast is Violet Heming, Ralph Bellamy, genre is thriller. Release year is 1932, title is American Madness, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Walter Huston, Pat O'Brien, Kay Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Animal Kingdom, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is Leslie Howard, Ann Harding, Myrna Loy, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Are You Listening?, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is William Haines, Madge Evans, Anita Page, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is As You Desire Me, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Greta Garbo, Melvyn Douglas, Erich von Stroheim, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Bachelor Mother, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Hutchison, cast is Evalyn Knapp, Margaret Seddon, genre is action. Release year is 1932, title is Back Street, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Irene Dunne, John Boles, ZaSu Pitts, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Beast of the City, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Brabin, cast is Walter Huston, Jean Harlow, Wallace Ford, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1932, title is Behind the Mask, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Jack Holt, Boris Karloff, Constance Cummings, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1932, title is The Big Broadcast, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Bing Crosby, George Burns, Gracie Allen, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1932, title is Big City Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Eric Linden, Joan Blondell, Walter Catlett, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Big Timer, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Ben Lyon, Constance Cummings, Thelma Todd, genre is sports. Release year is 1932, title is A Bill of Divorcement, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is John Barrymore, Billie Burke, Katharine Hepburn, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Bird of Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Dolores del Río, Joel McCrea, genre is romantic. Release year is 1932, title is Blessed Event, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Lee Tracy, Mary Brian, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Blonde Venus, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is Marlene Dietrich, Herbert Marshall, Cary Grant, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Broadway to Cheyenne, ethnicity is American, director is Harry L. Fraser, cast is Rex Bell, Marceline Day, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is Broken Lullaby, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Nancy Carroll, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Broken Wing, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Corrigan, cast is Lupe Vélez, Melvyn Douglas, Leo Carrillo, genre is drama, western. Release year is 1932, title is Business and Pleasure, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Will Rogers, Joel McCrea, Dorothy Peterson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is But the Flesh Is Weak, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Robert Montgomery, Nora Gregor, Heather Thatcher, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is The Cabin in the Cotton, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Bette Davis, Richard Barthelmess, Dorothy Jordan, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Call Her Savage, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Clara Bow, Thelma Todd, Gilbert Roland, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Chandu the Magician, ethnicity is American, director is William Cameron Menzies, Marcel Varnel, cast is Edmund Lowe, Bela Lugosi, genre is mystery. Release year is 1932, title is Charlie Chan's Chance, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is Warner Oland, Marian Nixon, H. B. Warner, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1932, title is Cock of the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Buckingham, cast is Chester Morris, Billie Dove, Walter Catlett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Come On Danger!, ethnicity is American, director is Robert F. Hill, cast is Tom Keene, Julie Haydon, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is The Conquerors, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Richard Dix, Edna May Oliver, Guy Kibbee, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Cowboy Counsellor, ethnicity is American, director is George Melford, cast is Hoot Gibson, Sheila Bromley, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is The Crash, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Ruth Chatterton, George Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Crooner, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is David Manners, Ann Dvorak, genre is musical. Release year is 1932, title is The Crowd Roars, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is James Cagney, Joan Blondell, genre is sports. Release year is 1932, title is The Crusader, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Evelyn Brent, H. B. Warner, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Cynara, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Ronald Colman, Kay Francis, Phyllis Barry, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Dancers in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is David Burton, cast is Miriam Hopkins, George Raft, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Daring Danger, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Tim McCoy, Alberta Vaughn, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is The Death Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is David Manners, Adrienne Ames, genre is mystery. Release year is 1932, title is The Dentist, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Pearce, cast is W. C. Fields, Marjorie Kane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Devil and the Deep, ethnicity is American, director is Marion Gering, cast is Tallulah Bankhead, Gary Cooper, Charles Laughton, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Devil Is Driving, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Edmund Lowe, Wynne Gibson, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Devil's Lottery, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Taylor, cast is Elissa Landi, Victor McLaglen, Paul Cavanagh, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Discarded Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, cast is Natalie Moorhead, Russell Hopton, genre is mystery. Release year is 1932, title is Disorderly Conduct, ethnicity is American, director is John W. Considine Jr., cast is Spencer Tracy, Sally Eilers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Doctor X, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Fay Wray, Lionel Atwill, Lee Tracy, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1932, title is Downstairs, ethnicity is American, director is Monta Bell, cast is John Gilbert, Paul Lukas, Hedda Hopper, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Emma, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Marie Dressler, Richard Cromwell, Jean Hersholt, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1932, title is Evenings for Sale, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Walker, cast is Herbert Marshall, Sari Maritza, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Faithless, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Tallulah Bankhead, Robert Montgomery, Hugh Herbert, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is A Farewell to Arms, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Gary Cooper, Helen Hayes, Adolphe Menjou, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1932, title is Fast Life, ethnicity is American, director is Harry A. Pollard, cast is William Haines, Madge Evans, Conrad Nagel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Forbidden, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Adolphe Menjou, Ralph Bellamy, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Freaks, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Wallace Ford, Leila Hyams, Olga Baclanova, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1932, title is Frisco Jenny, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Ruth Chatterton, Louis Calhern, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Girl from Calgary, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Whitman, cast is Fifi D'Orsay, Paul Kelly, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Girl of the Rio, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Brenon, cast is Dolores del Río, Leo Carrillo, genre is romance. Release year is 1932, title is Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Brower, cast is Jack Hoxie, Alice Day, Lafe McKee, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is Grand Hotel, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Greta Garbo, John Barrymore, Joan Crawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Greeks Had a Word for Them, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Joan Blondell, Madge Evans, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Harlem Is Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Irwin Franklyn, cast is Anise Boyer, Bill Robinson, Eubie Blake, genre is musical. Release year is 1932, title is The Hatchet Man, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Loretta Young, genre is crime. Release year is 1932, title is The Heart of New York, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is George Sidney, Ruth Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Hell's Highway, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland Brown, cast is Richard Dix, Rochelle Hudson, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Hell's House, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Higgin, cast is Bette Davis, Pat O'Brien, Junior Durkin, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Heritage of the Desert, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Randolph Scott, Sally Blane, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is High Pressure, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is William Powell, Evelyn Brent, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Horse Feathers, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Groucho Marx, Chico Marx, Thelma Todd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Hot Saturday, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Nancy Carroll, Cary Grant, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Huddle, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Ramon Novarro, Madge Evans, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Paul Muni, Glenda Farrell, Allen Jenkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is If I Had a Million, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Gary Cooper, Charles Laughton, W. C. Fields, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1932, title is Island of Lost Souls, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Charles Laughton, Richard Arlen, Bela Lugosi, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1932, title is It's Tough to Be Famous, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Mary Brian, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Jewel Robbery, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is William Powell, Kay Francis, Helen Vinson, genre is comedy, crime. Release year is 1932, title is Klondike, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Thelma Todd, Lyle Talbot, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Kongo, ethnicity is American, director is William J. Cowen, cast is Walter Huston, Lupe Vélez, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Ladies of the Jury, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Edna May Oliver, Jill Esmond, Roscoe Ates, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Lady with a Past, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is Constance Bennett, Ben Lyon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is The Last Mile, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Bischoff, cast is Preston Foster, Noel Madison, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Lawyer Man, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is William Powell, Joan Blondell, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Life Begins, ethnicity is American, director is James Flood, cast is Loretta Young, Eric Linden, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Lost Squadron, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Richard Dix, Mary Astor, Erich von Stroheim, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1932, title is Love Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Thornton Freeland, cast is Dorothy Mackaill, Humphrey Bogart, Hale Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Love in High Gear, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Alberta Vaughn, Tyrell Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Love Me Tonight, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Maurice Chevalier, Charles Ruggles, genre is musical. Release year is 1932, title is Madame Butterfly, ethnicity is American, director is Marion Gering, cast is Sylvia Sidney, Cary Grant, Irving Pichel, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Madison Square Garden, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Joe Brown, cast is Jack Oakie, Marian Nixon, William Boyd, genre is drama, sports. Release year is 1932, title is Make Me a Star, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Joan Blondell, Stuart Erwin, ZaSu Pitts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Manhattan Tower, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Mary Brian, Irene Rich, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Man Called Back, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Conrad Nagel, Doris Kenyon, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Man from Yesterday, ethnicity is American, director is Berthold Viertel, cast is Claudette Colbert, Clive Brook, genre is war drama. Release year is 1932, title is Man Wanted, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Kay Francis, David Manners, genre is romance. Release year is 1932, title is The Man Who Played God, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is Bette Davis, George Arliss, Violet Heming, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Mask of Fu Manchu, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Brabin, cast is Boris Karloff, Lewis Stone, Karen Morley, genre is horror, sci-fi. Release year is 1932, title is The Match King, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, Howard Bretherton, cast is Warren William, Lili Damita, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Me and My Gal, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Spencer Tracy, Joan Bennett, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Menace, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is H. B. Warner, Bette Davis, genre is crime. Release year is 1932, title is Men of Chance, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Ricardo Cortez, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Merrily We Go to Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Arzner, cast is Fredric March, Sylvia Sidney, Cary Grant, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1932, title is Million Dollar Legs, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is W. C. Fields, Jack Oakie, Hugh Herbert, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is The Miracle Man, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Sylvia Sidney, Chester Morris, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Misleading Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Walker, cast is Claudette Colbert, Edmund Lowe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is The Monster Walks, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Rex Lease, Vera Reynolds, Sheldon Lewis, genre is horror. Release year is 1932, title is The Most Dangerous Game, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Joel McCrea, Fay Wray, Robert Armstrong, genre is adventure, thriller. Release year is 1932, title is The Mouthpiece, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Warren William, Sidney Fox, genre is crime. Release year is 1932, title is Movie Crazy, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Bruckman, cast is Harold Lloyd, Constance Cummings, Kenneth Thomson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Mr. Robinson Crusoe, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, William Farnum, genre is adventure. Release year is 1932, title is The Mummy, ethnicity is American, director is Karl Freund, cast is Boris Karloff, Zita Johann, David Manners, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1932, title is Murders in the Rue Morgue, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Bela Lugosi, Sidney Fox, Leon Ames, genre is crime, horror. Release year is 1932, title is My Pal, the King, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Tom Mix, Mickey Rooney, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is New Morals for Old, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Brabin, cast is Robert Young, Lewis Stone, genre is romance. Release year is 1932, title is Night After Night, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is George Raft, Constance Cummings, Mae West, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1932, title is Night World, ethnicity is American, director is Hobart Henley, cast is Lew Ayres, Mae Clarke, Boris Karloff, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is No Man of Her Own, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Clark Gable, Carole Lombard, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is No More Orchids, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Carole Lombard, Lyle Talbot, genre is romance. Release year is 1932, title is The Old Dark House, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Boris Karloff, Melvyn Douglas, Charles Laughton, genre is comedy, horror. Release year is 1932, title is Once in a Lifetime, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Mack, cast is Jack Oakie, Sidney Fox, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is One Hour with You, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Maurice Chevalier, Genevieve Tobin, genre is musical. Release year is 1932, title is One Way Passage, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is William Powell, Kay Francis, Aline MacMahon, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Out of Singapore, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Hutchison, cast is Noah Beery Sr., Miriam Seegar, Dorothy Burgess, genre is action. Release year is 1932, title is Pack Up Your Troubles, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Don Dillaway, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is The Painted Woman, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is Spencer Tracy, Peggy Shannon, genre is thriller. Release year is 1932, title is Partners, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Allen, cast is Tom Keene, Nancy Drexel, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is The Passionate Plumber, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Buster Keaton, Jimmy Durante, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Payment Deferred, ethnicity is American, director is Lothar Mendes, cast is Charles Laughton, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1932, title is The Penguin Pool Murder, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Edna May Oliver, Mae Clarke, genre is mystery. Release year is 1932, title is The Phantom of Crestwood, ethnicity is American, director is J. Walter Ruben, cast is Ricardo Cortez, Karen Morley, genre is mystery. Release year is 1932, title is The Phantom President, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is George M. Cohan, Claudette Colbert, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Police Court, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Henry B. Walthall, Leon Janney, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Polly of the Circus, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Marion Davies, Clark Gable, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Prosperity, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Marie Dressler, Polly Moran, Anita Page, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Purchase Price, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, Lyle Talbot, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1932, title is Rackety Rax, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Victor McLaglen, Greta Nissen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Joan Crawford, Walter Huston, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Rasputin and the Empress, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Brabin, cast is John Barrymore, Lionel Barrymore, Ethel Barrymore, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Red Dust, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Clark Gable, Jean Harlow, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Red-Headed Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Jean Harlow, Chester Morris, Charles Boyer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is The Rich Are Always with Us, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Ruth Chatterton, George Brent, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Ride Him, Cowboy, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Allen, cast is John Wayne, Otis Harlan, Ruth Hall, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is Ridin' for Justice, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Buck Jones, Mary Doran, Russell Simpson, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is Rockabye, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Constance Bennett, Joel McCrea, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Scarface, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Paul Muni, Ann Dvorak, George Raft, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1932, title is Scarlet Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Nancy Carroll, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Shanghai Express, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is Marlene Dietrich, Anna May Wong, Clive Brook, genre is adventure, drama. Release year is 1932, title is Shopworn, ethnicity is American, director is Nick Grinde, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Regis Toomey, ZaSu Pitts, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1932, title is Silver Dollar, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Bebe Daniels, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Sinister Hands, ethnicity is American, director is Armand Schaefer, cast is Jack Mulhall, Crauford Kent, genre is mystery. Release year is 1932, title is Sinners in the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Carole Lombard, Chester Morris, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Sky Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Roberts, cast is Richard Arlen, Jack Oakie, Virginia Bruce, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Sky Devils, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sutherland, Busby Berkeley, cast is Spencer Tracy, Ann Dvorak, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Skyscraper Souls, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar Selwyn, cast is Warren William, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Smilin' Through, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Norma Shearer, Fredric March, Leslie Howard, genre is romance. Release year is 1932, title is So Big, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, Dickie Moore, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1932, title is Speak Easily, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Buster Keaton, Jimmy Durante, Thelma Todd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is State's Attorney, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is John Barrymore, Helen Twelvetrees, William Boyd, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Stoker, ethnicity is American, director is Chester M. Franklin, cast is Monte Blue, Dorothy Burgess, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Strange Case of Clara Deane, ethnicity is American, director is Louis J. Gasnier, Max Marcin, cast is Wynne Gibson, Pat O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Strange Interlude, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Norma Shearer, Clark Gable, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is A Successful Calamity, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is George Arliss, Mary Astor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Symphony of Six Million, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Ricardo Cortez, Irene Dunne, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Tarzan the Ape Man, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Maureen O'Sullivan, Johnny Weissmuller, Neil Hamilton, genre is adventure. Release year is 1932, title is Taxi!, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is James Cagney, Loretta Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Tenderfoot, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joe E. Brown, Ginger Rogers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Texas Cyclone, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Tim McCoy, John Wayne, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is That's My Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Richard Cromwell, Dorothy Jordan, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is They Call It Sin, ethnicity is American, director is Thornton Freeland, cast is Loretta Young, George Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is They Just Had to Get Married, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Slim Summerville, ZaSu Pitts, Roland Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is They Never Come Back, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Newmeyer, cast is Regis Toomey, Dorothy Sebastian, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Thirteen Women, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Myrna Loy, Irene Dunne, Ricardo Cortez, genre is thriller. Release year is 1932, title is The Thirteenth Guest, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Ray, cast is Ginger Rogers, Lyle Talbot, genre is mystery. Release year is 1932, title is This Is the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Roland Young, Thelma Todd, Cary Grant, genre is comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Three on a Match, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Joan Blondell, Bette Davis, Humphrey Bogart, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1932, title is Tiger Shark, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Richard Arlen, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Tom Brown of Culver, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Tom Brown, Richard Cromwell, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Trouble in Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Kay Francis, Herbert Marshall, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1932, title is Two Against the World, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Constance Bennett, Neil Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Two-Fisted Law, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Tim McCoy, John Wayne, genre is western. Release year is 1932, title is Two Seconds, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Guy Kibbee, genre is crime. Release year is 1932, title is Unashamed, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Helen Twelvetrees, Robert Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Union Depot, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Joan Blondell, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Uptown New York, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Jack Oakie, Shirley Grey, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Vanity Fair, ethnicity is American, director is Chester M. Franklin, cast is Myrna Loy, Conway Tearle, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Virtue, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Carole Lombard, Pat O'Brien, genre is romance. Release year is 1932, title is Washington Merry-Go-Round, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is Lee Tracy, Constance Cummings, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is Westward Passage, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Milton, cast is Ann Harding, Laurence Olivier, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Wet Parade, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Robert Young, Myrna Loy, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is What Price Hollywood?, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Constance Bennett, Neil Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is While Paris Sleeps, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Victor McLaglen, Helen Mack, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is White Zombie, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Halperin, cast is Bela Lugosi, Madge Bellamy, Joseph Cawthorn, genre is horror. Release year is 1932, title is Winner Take All, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is James Cagney, Marian Nixon, genre is drama. Release year is 1932, title is The Wiser Sex, ethnicity is American, director is Berthold Viertel, cast is Claudette Colbert, Melvyn Douglas, genre is crime. Release year is 1932, title is The Woman in Room 13, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Elissa Landi, Ralph Bellamy, genre is mystery. Release year is 1932, title is You Said a Mouthful, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Joe E. Brown, Ginger Rogers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is 42nd Street, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Dick Powell, Ruby Keeler, Ginger Rogers, genre is musical. Release year is 1933, title is Ace of Aces, ethnicity is American, director is J. Walter Ruben, cast is Richard Dix, Ralph Bellamy, Elizabeth Allan, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1933, title is After Tonight, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Constance Bennett, Gilbert Roland, genre is spy. Release year is 1933, title is Aggie Appleby, Maker of Men, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Charles Farrell, Wynne Gibson, ZaSu Pitts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Air Hostess, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Evalyn Knapp, James Murray, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Alice in Wonderland, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Charlotte Henry, Edward Everett Horton, W. C. Fields, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1933, title is Ann Carver's Profession, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Fay Wray, Gene Raymond, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Ann Vickers, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Irene Dunne, Walter Huston, Edna May Oliver, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Baby Face, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, Donald Cook, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Barbarian, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Myrna Loy, Ramon Novarro, Edward Arnold, genre is adventure. Release year is 1933, title is Beauty for Sale, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Boleslawski, cast is Madge Evans, Otto Kruger, Alice Brady, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is A Bedtime Story, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Maurice Chevalier, Edward Everett Horton, Helen Twelvetrees, genre is musical. Release year is 1933, title is Before Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Dorothy Wilson, Warner Oland, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Berkeley Square, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Leslie Howard, Heather Angel, Valerie Taylor, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1933, title is The Bitter Tea of General Yen, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Nils Asther, Toshia Mori, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1933, title is Blind Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Ernest B. Schoedsack, cast is Robert Armstrong, Helen Mack, genre is mystery. Release year is 1933, title is Blondie Johnson, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joan Blondell, Chester Morris, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Bombshell, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Jean Harlow, Lee Tracy, Franchot Tone, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Bowery, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Wallace Beery, George Raft, Jackie Cooper, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1933, title is Brief Moment, ethnicity is American, director is David Burton, cast is Carole Lombard, Gene Raymond, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Broadway Bad, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Joan Blondell, Ricardo Cortez, Ginger Rogers, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Broadway Through a Keyhole, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Constance Cummings, Russ Columbo, genre is musical. Release year is 1933, title is Bureau of Missing Persons, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Bette Davis, Pat O'Brien, Glenda Farrell, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is By Candlelight, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Elissa Landi, Paul Lukas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Captured!, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Leslie Howard, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Margaret Lindsay, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1933, title is Cavalcade, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Clive Brook, Diana Wynyard, Beryl Mercer, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1933, title is Chance at Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Ginger Rogers, Joel McCrea, Marian Nixon, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Child of Manhattan, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Nancy Carroll, John Boles, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Christopher Bean, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Marie Dressler, Lionel Barrymore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Christopher Strong, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Arzner, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Colin Clive, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Circus Queen Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Adolphe Menjou, Donald Cook, Greta Nissen, genre is mystery. Release year is 1933, title is The Cohens and Kellys in Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Charles Murray, Andy Devine, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is College Coach, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Dick Powell, Ann Dvorak, Pat O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is College Humor, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Bing Crosby, Jack Oakie, Mary Carlisle, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1933, title is The Constant Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Conrad Nagel, Leila Hyams, Claire Windsor, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1933, title is Convention City, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Joan Blondell, Dick Powell, Mary Astor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Corruption, ethnicity is American, director is Charles E. Roberts, cast is Preston Foster, Tully Marshall, Evalyn Knapp, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1933, title is Counsellor at Law, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is John Barrymore, Bebe Daniels, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Crime of the Century, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Jean Hersholt, Wynne Gibson, Frances Dee, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1933, title is Damaged Lives, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Lyman Williams, Diane Sinclair, Jason Robards, Sr., genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Dancing Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Joan Crawford, Clark Gable, Fred Astaire, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1933, title is Deluge, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Peggy Shannon, Sidney Blackmer, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1933, title is Design for Living, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Fredric March, Gary Cooper, Miriam Hopkins, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1933, title is The Devil's Brother, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Thelma Todd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is The Devil's Mate, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Peggy Shannon, Preston Foster, genre is mystery. Release year is 1933, title is Diplomaniacs, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Marjorie White, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Don't Bet on Love, ethnicity is American, director is Murray Roth, cast is Lew Ayres, Ginger Rogers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Dora's Dunking Doughnuts, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Edwards, cast is Andy Clyde, Shirley Temple, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Double Harness, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Ann Harding, William Powell, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1933, title is Duck Soup, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Groucho Marx, Chico Marx, Margaret Dumont, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is The Eagle and the Hawk, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Walker, cast is Fredric March, Cary Grant, Carole Lombard, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1933, title is Elmer, the Great, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Joe E. Brown, Patricia Ellis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is The Emperor Jones, ethnicity is American, director is Dudley Murphy, cast is Paul Robeson, Frank H. Wilson, Dudley Digges, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Employees' Entrance, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Loretta Young, Warren William, Wallace Ford, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Eskimo, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Ray Mala, Lulu Wong, genre is adventure. Release year is 1933, title is Ex-Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Bette Davis, Gene Raymond, Claire Dodd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Face in the Sky, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, cast is Spencer Tracy, Marian Nixon, Stuart Erwin, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1933, title is Fast Workers, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is John Gilbert, Robert Armstrong, Mae Clarke, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Female, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Ruth Chatterton, George Brent, Lois Wilson, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1933, title is Flying Devils, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Birdwell, cast is Bruce Cabot, Arline Judge, Ralph Bellamy, genre is action. Release year is 1933, title is Flying Down to Rio, ethnicity is American, director is Thornton Freeland, cast is Dolores del Río, Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, genre is musical. Release year is 1933, title is Footlight Parade, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Ruby Keeler, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1933, title is Forgotten, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Lee Kohlmar, June Clyde, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Gabriel Over the White House, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Walter Huston, Franchot Tone, Karen Morley, genre is comedy, fantasy. Release year is 1933, title is Gambling Ship, ethnicity is American, director is Max Marcin, cast is Cary Grant, Jack La Rue, Benita Hume, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1933, title is Girl Missing, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Glenda Farrell, Mary Brian, Ben Lyon, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1933, title is Going Hollywood, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Bing Crosby, Marion Davies, Ned Sparks, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1933, title is Gold Diggers of 1933, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Warren Williams, Ginger Rogers, Aline MacMahon, genre is musical. Release year is 1933, title is Golden Harvest, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Richard Arlen, Genevieve Tobin, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Goodbye Again, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Warren William, Joan Blondell, Genevieve Tobin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Goodbye Love, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Charles Ruggles, Verree Teasdale, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Grand Slam, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Loretta Young, Paul Lukas, Frank McHugh, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1933, title is Havana Widows, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joan Blondell, Glenda Farrell, Guy Kibbee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Headline Shooter, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Brower, cast is William Gargan, Frances Dee, Ralph Bellamy, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Hell Below, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Robert Montgomery, Walter Huston, Jimmy Durante, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1933, title is Hello, Everybody!, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Kate Smith, Randolph Scott, genre is musical. Release year is 1933, title is Heroes for Sale, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Aline MacMahon, Loretta Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is High Gear, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is James Murray, Joan Marsh, Theodore von Eltz, genre is adventure, drama. Release year is 1933, title is His Double Life, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hopkins, cast is Roland Young, Lillian Gish, Montagu Love, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1933, title is His Private Secretary, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Whitman, cast is John Wayne, Evalyn Knapp, Reginald Barlow, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Hold Your Man, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Clark Gable, Jean Harlow, Stuart Erwin, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1933, title is I Cover the Waterfront, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is Claudette Colbert, Ben Lyon, Ernest Torrence, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is I Have Lived, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Alan Dinehart, Anita Page, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is I Loved a Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Kay Francis, Genevieve Tobin, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is I'm No Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Mae West, Cary Grant, Edward Arnold, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1933, title is If I Were Free, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Irene Dunne, Clive Brook, Nils Asther, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is India Speaks, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Futter, cast is Narrated by Richard Halliburton, genre is documentary. Release year is 1933, title is Infernal Machine, ethnicity is American, director is Marcel Varnel, cast is Chester Morris, Genevieve Tobin, genre is thriller. Release year is 1933, title is The Invisible Man, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Claude Rains, Gloria Stuart, Henry Travers, genre is science fiction, horror. Release year is 1933, title is The Kennel Murder Case, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is William Powell, Mary Astor, Eugene Pallette, genre is mystery. Release year is 1933, title is The Keyhole, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Kay Francis, George Brent, Glenda Farrell, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1933, title is King Kong, ethnicity is American, director is Merian C. Cooper, Ernest B. Schoedsack, cast is Fay Wray, Robert Armstrong, Bruce Cabot, genre is adventure horror. Release year is 1933, title is King of the Arena, ethnicity is American, director is Alan James, cast is Ken Maynard, Lucile Browne, genre is western. Release year is 1933, title is The King's Vacation, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is George Arliss, Patricia Ellis, genre is romance. Release year is 1933, title is The Kiss Before the Mirror, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Nancy Carroll, Frank Morgan, Paul Lukas, genre is mystery. Release year is 1933, title is Ladies They Talk About, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Preston Foster, genre is prison drama. Release year is 1933, title is Lady for a Day, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Warren William, May Robson, Guy Kibbee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Lady Killer, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is James Cagney, Margaret Lindsay, Mae Clarke, genre is comedy, crime. Release year is 1933, title is Laughing at Life, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Victor McLaglen, Conchita Montenegro, genre is adventure. Release year is 1933, title is Laughter in Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Pat O'Brien, Gloria Stuart, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Life of Jimmy Dolan, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Loretta Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Little Women, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Joan Bennett, Paul Lukas, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Looking Forward, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Lewis Stone, Benita Hume, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Luxury Liner, ethnicity is American, director is Lothar Mendes, cast is George Brent, Zita Johann, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Mad Game, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Spencer Tracy, Claire Trevor, J. Carrol Naish, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Mama Loves Papa, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Charlie Ruggles, Mary Boland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is The Man from Monterey, ethnicity is American, director is Mack V. Wright, cast is John Wayne, Ruth Hall, Lafe McKee, genre is western. Release year is 1933, title is Man of the Forest, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Randolph Scott, Verna Hillie, Noah Beery, genre is western. Release year is 1933, title is Man's Castle, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Spencer Tracy, Loretta Young, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1933, title is The Mayor of Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is James Cagney, Allen Jenkins, Dudley Digges, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1933, title is Meet the Baron, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Jack Pearl, Jimmy Durante, Edna May Oliver, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Melody Cruise, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is June Brewster, Shirley Chambers, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Men Must Fight, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar Selwyn, cast is Diana Wynyard, Lewis Stone, Phillips Holmes, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1933, title is Midnight Mary, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Loretta Young, Franchot Tone, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Midnight Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd French, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Morning Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Mr. Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Johnnie Walker, cast is Ed Sullivan, Jack Benny, Ruth Etting, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Murder on the Campus, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Charles Starrett, genre is mystery. Release year is 1933, title is Murders in the Zoo, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Charlie Ruggles, Lionel Atwill, Kathleen Burke, genre is horror. Release year is 1933, title is Mystery of the Wax Museum, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray, Glenda Farrell, genre is horror. Release year is 1933, title is Night Flight, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Lionel Barrymore, John Barrymore, Clark Gable, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Night of Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Bela Lugosi, Sally Blane, genre is horror. Release year is 1933, title is No Other Woman, ethnicity is American, director is J. Walter Ruben, cast is Irene Dunne, Charles Bickford, genre is romance. Release year is 1933, title is Obey the Law, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Leo Carrillo, Lois Wilson, genre is crime. Release year is 1933, title is Oliver Twist, ethnicity is American, director is William J. Cowen, cast is Irving Pichel, Dickie Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is One Sunday Afternoon, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Roberts, cast is Gary Cooper, Fay Wray, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Only Yesterday, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Margaret Sullavan, John Boles, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Our Betters, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Constance Bennett, Anita Louise, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Parachute Jumper, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Bette Davis, Douglas Fairbanks Jr., genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Parole Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Mae Clarke, Ralph Bellamy, genre is romance. Release year is 1933, title is The Past of Mary Holmes, ethnicity is American, director is Harlan Thompson, cast is Eric Linden, Jean Arthur, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Penthouse, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Warner Baxter, Myrna Loy, genre is crime. Release year is 1933, title is Picture Brides, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Dorothy Mackaill, Regis Toomey, genre is adventure. Release year is 1933, title is Picture Snatcher, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is James Cagney, Ralph Bellamy, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Pleasure Cruise, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Genevieve Tobin, Roland Young, Ralph Forbes, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Primavera en otoño, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Catalina Bárcena, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Private Detective 62, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is William Powell, Margaret Lindsay, genre is mystery. Release year is 1933, title is The Prizefighter and the Lady, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Myrna Loy, Walter Huston, Max Baer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Professional Sweetheart, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Ginger Rogers, Norman Foster, ZaSu Pitts, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Queen Christina, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Greta Garbo, John Gilbert, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Rafter Romance, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Ginger Rogers, Norman Foster, George Sidney, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Roman Scandals, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Eddie Cantor, Ruth Etting, Gloria Stuart, genre is musical. Release year is 1933, title is Sagebrush Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Armand Schaefer, cast is John Wayne, Lane Chandler, genre is western. Release year is 1933, title is Saturday's Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Robert Young, Andy Devine, Leila Hyams, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Secret of Madame Blanche, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Brabin, cast is Irene Dunne, Lionel Atwill, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Secret of the Blue Room, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Lionel Atwill, Gloria Stuart, genre is mystery. Release year is 1933, title is Secrets, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Mary Pickford, Leslie Howard, genre is western. Release year is 1933, title is Shanghai Madness, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is Spencer Tracy, Fay Wray, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is She Done Him Wrong, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Mae West, Cary Grant, Gilbert Roland, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1933, title is She Had to Say Yes, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Loretta Young, Lyle Talbot, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Silk Express, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Neil Hamilton, Sheila Terry, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Sin of Nora Moran, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Goldstone, cast is Zita Johann, John Miljan, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1933, title is Skyway, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, cast is Ray Walker, Kathryn Crawford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is So This Is Africa, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Raquel Torres, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is The Solitaire Man, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Herbert Marshall, Mary Boland, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Son of Kong, ethnicity is American, director is Ernest B. Schoedsack, cast is Robert Armstrong, Helen Mack, genre is adventure. Release year is 1933, title is Sons of the Desert, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is The Sphinx, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Lionel Atwill, Sheila Terry, genre is mystery. Release year is 1933, title is Stage Mother, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Brabin, cast is Alice Brady, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Story of Temple Drake, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Roberts, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Jack La Rue, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Supernatural, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Halperin, cast is Carole Lombard, Alan Dinehart, genre is horror. Release year is 1933, title is Sweepings, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Gloria Stuart, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Three-Cornered Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Elliot Nugent, cast is Claudette Colbert, Richard Arlen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Three Little Pigs, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Gillett, cast is Pinto Colvig, Billy Bletcher, genre is animated. Release year is 1933, title is The Thrill Hunter, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Buck Jones, Dorothy Revier, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Tillie and Gus, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Martin, cast is W. C. Fields, Alison Skipworth, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is To the Last Man, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Randolph Scott, Esther Ralston, genre is western. Release year is 1933, title is Today We Live, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Joan Crawford, Gary Cooper, Roland Young, genre is romance, drama. Release year is 1933, title is Tomorrow at Seven, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Chester Morris, Vivienne Osborne, Frank McHugh, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Too Much Harmony, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Bing Crosby, Jack Oakie, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Topaze, ethnicity is American, director is Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast, cast is John Barrymore, Myrna Loy, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Turn Back the Clock, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar Selwin, cast is Lee Tracy, Mae Clarke, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Under the Tonto Rim, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Stuart Erwin, Fred Kohler, genre is comedy western. Release year is 1933, title is Voltaire, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is George Arliss, Doris Kenyon, genre is biography. Release year is 1933, title is The Warrior's Husband, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Elissa Landi, David Manners, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is What! No Beer?, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Buster Keaton, Jimmy Durante, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is When Ladies Meet, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Ann Harding, Myrna Loy, Robert Montgomery, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The White Sister, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Helen Hayes, Clark Gable, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is Wild Boys of the Road, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is Frankie Darro, Dorothy Coonan, genre is drama. Release year is 1933, title is The Working Man, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Adolfi, cast is George Arliss, Bette Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1933, title is Zoo in Budapest, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Loretta Young, Gene Raymond, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Affairs of Cellini, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Constance Bennett, Fredric March, Fay Wray, genre is historical comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Affairs of a Gentleman, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Paul Lukas, Leila Hyams, Patricia Ellis, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Age of Innocence, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Moeller, cast is Irene Dunne, John Boles, Helen Westley, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Anne of Green Gables, ethnicity is American, director is George Nichols Jr., cast is Anne Shirley, Helen Westley, O. P. Heggie, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is As the Earth Turns, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Donald Woods, Jean Muir, Dorothy Peterson, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Babes in Toyland, ethnicity is American, director is Gus Meins, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Charlotte Henry, genre is comedy, fantasy. Release year is 1934, title is Baby Take a Bow, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, cast is Shirley Temple, Claire Trevor, James Dunn, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Barrets of Wimpole Street, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Norma Shearer, Fredric March, Charles Laughton, genre is historical. Release year is 1934, title is The Beast of Borneo, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Garson, cast is Eugene Sigaloff, Mae Stuart,, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1934, title is Beggars in Ermine, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Lionel Atwill, Jameson Thomas, Betty Furness, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Behold My Wife!, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Sylvia Sidney, Ann Sheridan, H. B. Warner, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Big Shakedown, ethnicity is American, director is John Francis Dillon, cast is Bette Davis, Ricardo Cortez, Allen Jenkins, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is The Black Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, David Manners, genre is crime, horror. Release year is 1934, title is Black Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Fay Wray, Dorothy Burgess, Jack Holt, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1934, title is Blind Date, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Mack, cast is Ann Sothern, Neil Hamilton, Paul Kelly, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1934, title is Blue Steel, ethnicity is American, director is Robert N. Bradbury, cast is John Wayne, Eleanor Hunt, genre is western. Release year is 1934, title is Bolero, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, Wesley Ruggles, cast is George Raft, Carole Lombard, Sally Rand, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Bombay Mail, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Edmund Lowe, Ralph Forbes, Shirley Grey, genre is thriller. Release year is 1934, title is Born to be Bad, ethnicity is American, director is Lowell Sherman, cast is Loretta Young, Cary Grant, Marion Burns, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Bottoms Up, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Spencer Tracy, John Boles, Pat Paterson, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1934, title is Bright Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Shirley Temple, James Dunn, Lois Wilson, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is British Agent, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Leslie Howard, Kay Francis, Cesar Romero, genre is spy drama. Release year is 1934, title is Broadway Bill, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Myrna Loy, Warner Baxter, Walter Connolly, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is Bulldog Drummond Strikes Back, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Ronald Colman, Loretta Young, Charles Butterworth, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1934, title is By Your Leave, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Corrigan, cast is Frank Morgan, Genevieve Tobin, Neil Hamilton, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Captain Hates the Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Victor McLaglen, Alison Skipworth, John Gilbert, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Caravan, ethnicity is American, director is Erik Charell, cast is Charles Boyer, Loretta Young, Jean Parker, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1934, title is The Case of the Howling Dog, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Warren William, Mary Astor, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is The Cat's-Paw, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Taylor, cast is Harold Lloyd, Una Merkel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Chained, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Joan Crawford, Clark Gable, Otto Kruger, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Change of Heart, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is Janet Gaynor, James Dunn, Ginger Rogers, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1934, title is Charlie Chan in London, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Warner Oland, Mona Barrie, Ray Milland, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Charlie Chan's Courage, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Warner Oland, Drue Leyton, Donald Woods, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Cheating Cheaters, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Fay Wray, Cesar Romero, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is City Limits, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Frank Craven, Sally Blane, Claude Gillingwater, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is Cleopatra, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Claudette Colbert, Warren William, Henry Wilcoxon, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Cockeyed Cavaliers, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Thelma Todd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is College Rhythm, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Jack Oakie, Joe Penner, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Come On Marines!, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Richard Arlen, Ida Lupino, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Count of Monte Cristo, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Robert Donat, Elissa Landi, Louis Calhern, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1934, title is The Crime Doctor, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is Otto Kruger, Karen Morley, genre is crime. Release year is 1934, title is Crimson Romance, ethnicity is American, director is David Howard, cast is Ben Lyon, Sari Maritza, Erich von Stroheim, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Cross Country Cruise, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Lew Ayres, June Knight, Alice White, genre is romance. Release year is 1934, title is Cross Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Claire Windsor, Johnny Mack Brown, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Dames, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Joan Blondell, Dick Powell, Ruby Keeler, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is Dangerous Corner, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Virginia Bruce, Conrad Nagel, Melvyn Douglas, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Double Door, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Evelyn Venable, Anne Revere, Kent Taylor, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Dover Road, ethnicity is American, director is J. Walter Ruben, cast is Diana Wynyard, Clive Brook, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Down to Their Last Yacht, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Sloane, cast is Mary Boland, Polly Moran, Ned Sparks, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is The Dragon Murder Case, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Warren William, Margaret Lindsay, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Easy to Love, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Genevieve Tobin, Adolphe Menjou, Mary Astor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Eight Girls in a Boat, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Dorothy Wilson, Douglass Montgomery, Kay Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Embarrassing Moments, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Laemmle, cast is Chester Morris, Marian Nixon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Evelyn Prentice, ethnicity is American, director is William K. Howard, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, Rosalind Russell, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Fashions of 1934, ethnicity is American, director is William Rees, cast is William Powell, Bette Davis, Frank McHugh, genre is comedy, drama, musical. Release year is 1934, title is Father Brown, Detective, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Walter Connolly, Paul Lukas, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Finishing School, ethnicity is American, director is Wanda Tuchock, cast is Frances Dee, Ginger Rogers, Bruce Cabot, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1934, title is Fog Over Frisco, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Bette Davis, Donald Woods, Margaret Lindsay, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Forsaking All Others, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Joan Crawford, Clark Gable, Robert Montgomery, genre is romance. Release year is 1934, title is Four Frightened People, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Claudette Colbert, Mary Boland, Herbert Marshall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Frontier Marshal, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is George O'Brien, Irene Bentley, genre is western. Release year is 1934, title is Gambling Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Pat O'Brien, Joel McCrea, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Gay Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Carole Lombard, Chester Morris, Zazu Pitts, genre is crime. Release year is 1934, title is The Gay Divorcee, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Alice Brady, genre is musical. Release year is 1934, title is Gentlemen Are Born, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Franchot Tone, Jean Muir, Ann Dvorak, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Ghost Walks, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is June Collyer, John Miljan, genre is mystery, horror. Release year is 1934, title is The Girl from Missouri, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Jean Harlow, Lionel Barrymore, Franchot Tone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Girl o' My Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Mary Carlisle, Sterling Holloway, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Glamour, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Paul Lukas, Constance Cummings, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Green Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Shirley Grey, Charles Starrett, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Gridiron Flash, ethnicity is American, director is Glenn Tryon, cast is Eddie Quillan, Betty Furness, genre is sports. Release year is 1934, title is Happiness Ahead, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Dick Powell, Josephine Hutchinson, Allen Jenkins, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is Heat Lightning, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Aline MacMahon, Ann Dvorak, Preston Foster, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Here Comes the Navy, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, Earl Baldwin, cast is James Cagney, Pat O'Brien, Gloria Stuart, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1934, title is Hi Nellie!, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Paul Muni, Glenda Farrell, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1934, title is Hide-Out, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Maureen O'Sullivan, Robert Montgomery, Edward Arnold, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is Hips, Hips, Hooray!, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Thelma Todd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Hollywood Party, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, Sam Wood, cast is Jimmy Durante, Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is The House of Rothschild, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is George Arliss, Boris Karloff, Loretta Young, genre is biography. Release year is 1934, title is Housewife, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Bette Davis, George Brent, Ann Dvorak, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is I Am a Thief, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Mary Astor, Ricardo Cortez, Dudley Digges, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is I've Got Your Number, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joan Blondell, Pat O'Brien, Glenda Farrell, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1934, title is Imitation of Life, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Claudette Colbert, Fredi Washington, Louise Beavers, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is In Old Santa Fe, ethnicity is American, director is David Howard, cast is Ken Maynard, Evalyn Knapp, genre is western. Release year is 1934, title is It Happened One Night, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Claudette Colbert, Clark Gable, Roscoe Karns, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1934, title is It's a Gift, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is W. C. Fields, Kathleen Howard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Jealousy, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Nancy Carroll, George Murphy, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Jimmy the Gent, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is James Cagney, Bette Davis, Allen Jenkins, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is Journal of a Crime, ethnicity is American, director is F. McGrew Willis, cast is Ruth Chatterton, Adolphe Menjou, Claire Dodd, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Judge Priest, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Will Rogers, Tom Brown, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Kansas City Princess, ethnicity is American, director is William Rees, cast is Joan Blondell, Glenda Farrell, Robert Armstrong, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1934, title is The Key, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is William Powell, Edna Best, Colin Clive, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Kid Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Eddie Cantor, Ann Sothern, Ethel Merman, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is King Kelly of the U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is Leonard Fields, cast is Edgar Kennedy, Irene Ware, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Ladies Should Listen, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Cary Grant, Frances Drake, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Lady by Choice, ethnicity is American, director is David Burton, cast is Carole Lombard, May Robson, Walter Connolly, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is Laughing Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Hunt Stromberg, cast is Lupe Vélez, Ramon Novarro, William B. Davidson, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Lawless Frontier, ethnicity is American, director is Robert N. Bradbury, cast is John Wayne, Sheila Terry, genre is western. Release year is 1934, title is The Lemon Drop Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Neilan, cast is Lee Tracy, Helen Mack, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Let's Talk It Over, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Chester Morris, Mae Clarke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Limehouse Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is George Raft, Jean Parker, Anna May Wong, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is Little Man, What Now?, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Margaret Sullavan, Douglass Montgomery, Alan Hale, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Little Men, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Ralph Morgan, Erin O'Brien-Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Little Minister, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Katharine Hepburn, John Beal, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Little Miss Marker, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Adolphe Menjou, Shirley Temple, Charles Bickford, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is Long Lost Father, ethnicity is American, director is Ernest B. Schoedsack, cast is John Barrymore, Helen Chandler, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Looking for Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Spencer Tracy, Constance Cummings, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is Lost in the Stratosphere, ethnicity is American, director is Melville W. Brown, cast is William Cagney, June Collyer, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is A Lost Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Frank Morgan, Ricardo Cortez, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Lost Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Victor McLaglen, Wallace Ford, Boris Karloff, genre is war. Release year is 1934, title is The Man from Utah, ethnicity is American, director is Robert N. Bradbury, cast is John Wayne, Polly Ann Young, George 'Gabby' Hayes, genre is western. Release year is 1934, title is The Man Who Reclaimed His Head, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Claude Rains, Joan Bennett, Lionel Atwill, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Man with Two Faces, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Mary Astor, Ricardo Cortez, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is A Man's Game, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Tim McCoy, Evalyn Knapp, genre is action. Release year is 1934, title is Manhattan Love Song, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard Fields, cast is Robert Armstrong, Dixie Lee, genre is comedy romance. Release year is 1934, title is Manhattan Melodrama, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Clark Gable, William Powell, Myrna Loy, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1934, title is Maniac, ethnicity is American, director is Dwain Esper, cast is Bill Woods, Horace Carpenter, genre is horror. Release year is 1934, title is The Marines Are Coming, ethnicity is American, director is David Howard, cast is William Haines, Conrad Nagel, Esther Ralston, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Massacre, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Ann Dvorak, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Men in White, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Boleslawski, cast is Clark Gable, Jean Hersholt, Myrna Loy, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Merry Widow, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Maurice Chevalier, Edward Everett Horton, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Chester Erskine, cast is Sidney Fox, Margaret Wycherly, Humphrey Bogart, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is Miss Fane's Baby Is Stolen, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Dorothea Wieck, Alice Brady, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1934, title is Monte Carlo Nights, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Mary Brian, John Darrow, Gabby Hayes, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1934, title is The Most Precious Thing in Life, ethnicity is American, director is Lambert Hillyer, cast is Richard Cromwell, Jean Arthur, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Murder at the Vanities, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Victor McLaglen, Carl Brisson, genre is musical. Release year is 1934, title is Murder in the Clouds, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Lyle Talbot, Ann Dvorak, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Murder in the Private Car, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Charles Ruggles, Una Merkel, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is W.C. Fields, Pauline Lord, ZaSu Pitts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Murder on the Blackboard, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Edna May Oliver, James Gleason, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Music in the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Joe May, cast is Gloria Swanson, John Boles, genre is musical. Release year is 1934, title is The Mysterious Mr. Wong, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Bela Lugosi, Arline Judge, Wallace Ford, genre is mystery, horror. Release year is 1934, title is The Mystery of Mr. X, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar Selwyn, cast is Robert Montgomery, Elizabeth Allan, genre is crime. Release year is 1934, title is Mystery Liner, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Noah Beery, Astrid Allwyn, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is Neath the Arizona Skies, ethnicity is American, director is Harry L. Fraser, cast is John Wayne, Sheila Terry, genre is western. Release year is 1934, title is Now and Forever, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Gary Cooper, Carole Lombard, Shirley Temple, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1934, title is Now I'll Tell, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin J. Burke, cast is Spencer Tracy, Helen Twelvetrees, Alice Faye, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Of Human Bondage, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Bette Davis, Leslie Howard, Kay Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is One More River, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Diana Wynyard, Frank Lawton, Jane Wyatt, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is One Night of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Grace Moore, Mona Barrie, Tullio Carminati, genre is musical. Release year is 1934, title is Operator 13, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Boleslawski, cast is Marion Davies, Gary Cooper, The Mills Brothers, genre is comedy, drama, musical. Release year is 1934, title is Our Daily Bread, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Karen Morley, Tom Keene, Barbara Pepper, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Painted Veil, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Boleslawski, cast is Greta Garbo, Herbert Marshall, George Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Palooka, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Jimmy Durante, Lupe Vélez, Stuart Erwin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is The Personality Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Pat O'Brien, Glenda Farrell, Claire Dodd, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Randy Rides Alone, ethnicity is American, director is Harry L. Fraser, cast is John Wayne, Alberta Vaughn, genre is western. Release year is 1934, title is Ready for Love, ethnicity is American, director is Marion Gering, cast is Richard Arlen, Ida Lupino, Marjorie Rambeau, genre is romance, comedy. Release year is 1934, title is The Richest Girl in the World, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Fay Wray, Joel McCrea, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Riptide, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Norma Shearer, Robert Montgomery, Herbert Marshall, genre is romance. Release year is 1934, title is Sadie McKee, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Joan Crawford, Franchot Tone, Edward Arnold, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Scarlet Empress, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is Marlene Dietrich, John Lodge, Sam Jaffe, genre is historical drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Scarlet Letter, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Colleen Moore, Henry B. Walthall, Alan Hale, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Secret Bride, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Warren William, Glenda Farrell, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Sequoia, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Jean Parker, Samuel S. Hinds, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1934, title is She Had to Choose, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Ceder, cast is Isabel Jewell, Sally Blane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is The Show-Off, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Spencer Tracy, Madge Evans, Henry Wadsworth, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is The Silver Streak, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas Atkins, cast is Charles Starrett, Sally Blane, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Sing Sing Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, cast is Conway Tearle, Jameson Thomas, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Social Register, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Neilan, cast is Colleen Moore, Charles Winninger, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Springtime for Henry, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Otto Kruger, Nancy Carroll, Nigel Bruce, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Stamboul Quest, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Myrna Loy, George Brent, Lionel Atwill, genre is spy. Release year is 1934, title is Stand Up and Cheer!, ethnicity is American, director is Winfield Sheehan, cast is Warner Baxter, Madge Evans, Shirley Temple, genre is musical. Release year is 1934, title is Stingaree, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Irene Dunne, Richard Rix, genre is romance. Release year is 1934, title is Strange Wives, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Roger Pryor, Esther Ralston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Success at Any Price, ethnicity is American, director is J. Walter Ruben, cast is Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Genevieve Tobin, Colleen Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is A Successful Failure, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Russell Hopton, Gloria Shea, Jameson Thomas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Tarzan and His Mate, ethnicity is American, director is Cedric Gibbons, cast is Maureen O'Sullivan, Johnny Weissmuller, Neil Hamilton, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1934, title is Their Big Moment, ethnicity is American, director is James Cruze, cast is ZaSu Pitts, Slim Summerville, genre is mystery. Release year is 1934, title is There's Always Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sloman, cast is Frank Morgan, Binnie Barnes, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Thin Man, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is comedy, drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is Thirty Day Princess, ethnicity is American, director is Marion Gering, cast is Cary Grant, Sylvia Sidney, Edward Arnold, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is This Man Is Mine, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Irene Dunne, Constance Cummings, Ralph Bellamy, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1934, title is This Side of Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is William K. Howard, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Fay Bainter, Tom Brown, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is Thunder Over Texas, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Guinn "Big Boy" Williams, Marion Shilling, genre is western. Release year is 1934, title is Transatlantic Merry-Go-Round, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Jack Benny, Nancy Carroll, Sydney Howard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Treasure Island, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Wallace Beery, Jackie Cooper, Lionel Barrymore, genre is adventure. Release year is 1934, title is Twentieth Century, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Carole Lombard, John Barrymore, Walter Connolly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Twenty Million Sweethearts, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Ginger Rogers, Dick Powell, Ted Fio Rito, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is Upper World, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Ginger Rogers, Warren William, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is A Very Honorable Guy, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Joe E. Brown, Alice White, genre is comedy. Release year is 1934, title is Viva Villa!, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, Jack Conway, cast is Wallace Beery, Leo Carrillo, Mary Astor, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1934, title is We Live Again, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Anna Sten, Fredric March, C. Aubrey Smith, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is We're Not Dressing, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Bing Crosby, George Burns, Gracie Allen, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is Wednesday's Child, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is Karen Morley, Edward Arnold, Frankie Thomas, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is West of the Divide, ethnicity is American, director is Robert N. Bradbury, cast is John Wayne, Virginia Faire Brown, George Hayes, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is Wharf Angel, ethnicity is American, director is William Cameron Menzies, cast is Victor McLaglen, Dorothy Dell, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is What Every Woman Knows, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Helen Hayes, Madge Evans, Dudley Digges, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is Whirlpool, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Jean Arthur, Jack Holt, Donald Cook, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is The Witching Hour, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is John Halliday, Judith Allen, William Frawley, genre is drama. Release year is 1934, title is The Woman Condemned, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Davenport, cast is Claudia Dell, Lola Lane, Jason Robards Sr., genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is Woman in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Fay Wray, Ralph Bellamy, Melvyn Douglas, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1934, title is Wonder Bar, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, Busby Berkeley, cast is Al Jolson, Dolores del Río, Kay Francis, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1934, title is The World Moves On, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Franchot Tone, Madeleine Carroll, Reginald Denny, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1934, title is You Can't Buy Everything, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is May Robson, Jean Parker, Lewis Stone, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1934, title is Young and Beautiful, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is William Haines, Joseph Cawthorn, Judith Allen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is 1,000 Dollars a Minute, ethnicity is American, director is Aubrey Scotto, cast is Leila Hyams, Edward Brophy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Air Hawks, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Ralph Bellamy, Tala Birell, Douglass Dumbrille, genre is drama, action. Release year is 1935, title is Alibi Ike, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joe E. Brown, Olivia de Havilland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Alice Adams, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Fred MacMurray, Evelyn Venable, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1935, title is Anna Karenina, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Greta Garbo, Fredric March, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Annie Oakley, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Melvyn Douglas, Preston Foster, genre is drama, western. Release year is 1935, title is Another Face, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Wallace Ford, Brian Donlevy, Phyllis Brooks, genre is crime. Release year is 1935, title is The Arizonian, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, Dewey Starkey, cast is Richard Dix, Margot Grahame, Preston Foster, Louis Calhern, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Baby Face Harrington, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Charles Butterworth, Una Merkel, Nat Pendleton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Bar 20 Rides Again, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is William Boyd, Jean Rouverol, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Barbary Coast, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Miriam Hopkins, Joel McCrea, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1935, title is Becky Sharp, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, Lowell Sherman, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Cedric Hardwicke, Frances Dee, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Big Broadcast of 1936, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is George Burns, Gracie Allen, Ethel Merman, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1935, title is Biography of a Bachelor Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is Ann Harding, Robert Montgomery, Edward Arnold, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1935, title is Black Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Paul Muni, Karen Morley, Barton MacLane, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Black Room, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Boris Karloff, Marian Marsh, Katherine DeMille, genre is crime, horror. Release year is 1935, title is Black Sheep, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Edmund Lowe, Claire Trevor, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Bonnie Scotland, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Horne, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, June Lang, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Bordertown, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Paul Muni, Bette Davis, Margaret Lindsay, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is Born to Gamble, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Onslow Stevens, H.B. Warner, Maxine Doyle, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Break of Hearts, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Moeller, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Charles Boyer, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Bride Comes Home, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray, Robert Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Bride of Frankenstein, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Boris Karloff, Elsa Lanchester, Colin Clive, genre is sci-fi, horror. Release year is 1935, title is Bright Lights, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Joe E. Brown, Ann Dvorak, Patricia Ellis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Broadway Gondolier, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Dick Powell, Joan Blondell, Adolphe Menjou, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Broadway Hostess, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Winifred Shaw, Genevieve Tobin, Lyle Talbot, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Broadway Melody of 1936, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Eleanor Powell, Robert Taylor, Jack Benny, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1935, title is The Call of the Wild, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Clark Gable, Loretta Young, Jack Oakie, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1935, title is Captain Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Lionel Atwill, genre is adventure, action. Release year is 1935, title is The Case of the Curious Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Warren William, Claire Dodd, Allen Jenkins, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is The Case of the Lucky Legs, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Warren William, Genevieve Tobin, Patricia Ellis, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is The Casino Murder Case, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Paul Lukas, Alison Skipworth, Rosalind Russell, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1935, title is Charlie Chan in Egypt, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Warner Oland, Rita Hayworth, Pat Paterson, genre is mystery, comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Charlie Chan in Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Warner Oland, Mary Brian, genre is mystery, comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Charlie Chan in Shanghai, ethnicity is American, director is James Tinling, cast is Warner Oland, Irene Hervey, Jon Hall, genre is mystery, comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Chasing Yesterday, ethnicity is American, director is George Nicholls, Jr., cast is Anne Shirley, O. P. Heggie, Helen Westley, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is China Seas, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Clark Gable, Jean Harlow, Wallace Beery, genre is adventure. Release year is 1935, title is Clive of India, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Boleslawski, cast is Ronald Colman, Loretta Young, Colin Clive, genre is historical. Release year is 1935, title is College Scandal, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Arline Judge, Kent Taylor, Wendy Barrie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Collegiate, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Jack Oakie, Frances Langford, Betty Grable, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Condemned to Live, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Ralph Morgan, Maxine Doyle, Russell Gleason, genre is mystery, horror. Release year is 1935, title is The Crime of Dr. Crespi, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Erich von Stroheim, Dwight Frye, genre is horror. Release year is 1935, title is The Crusades, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Loretta Young, Henry Wilcoxon, C. Aubrey Smith, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1935, title is Curly Top, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Shirley Temple, John Boles, Rochelle Hudson, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Dante's Inferno, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, cast is Spencer Tracy, Henry B. Walthall, Rita Hayworth, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Daring Young Man, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is James Dunn, Mae Clarke, Neil Hamilton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is The Dark Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, cast is Merle Oberon, Fredric March, Herbert Marshall, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1935, title is The Dawn Rider, ethnicity is American, director is Robert N. Bradbury, cast is John Wayne, Marion Burns, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Death from a Distance, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Russell Hopton, Lola Lane, genre is mystery. Release year is 1935, title is The Desert Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Cullin Lewis, cast is John Wayne, Mary Kornman, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Devil Dogs of the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is James Cagney, Pat O'Brien, Margaret Lindsay, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Devil is a Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is Marlene Dietrich, Lionel Atwill, Cesar Romero, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1935, title is Diamond Jim, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Edward Arnold, Jean Arthur, Binnie Barnes, genre is biopic. Release year is 1935, title is Don't Bet on Blondes, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Warren William, Claire Dodd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Enchanted April, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Ann Harding, Frank Morgan, Jane Baxter, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1935, title is Escapade, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is William Powell, Luise Rainer, Reginald Owen, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1935, title is False Pretenses, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Irene Ware, Sidney Blackmer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is A Feather in Her Hat, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Pauline Lord, Basil Rathbone, Louis Hayward, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Fighting Youth, ethnicity is American, director is Hamilton MacFadden, cast is Charles Farrell, June Martel, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Flame Within, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Maureen O'Sullivan, Ann Harding, Louis Heyward, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Four Hours to Kill!, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Richard Barthelmess, Roscoe Karns, Ray Milland, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is Freckles, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Killy, William Hamilton, cast is Tom Brown, Virginia Weidler, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Frisco Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is James Cagney, Ricardo Cortez, Margaret Lindsay, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1935, title is Frisco Waterfront, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Ben Lyon, Helen Twelvetrees, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Front Page Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Bette Davis, George Brent, Roscoe Karns, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1935, title is G Men, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is James Cagney, Ann Dvorak, Edward Pawley, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is The Gay Deception, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Francis Lederer, Frances Dee, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1935, title is George White's 1935 Scandals, ethnicity is American, director is George White, cast is Alice Faye, Eleanor Powell, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Gigolette, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Adrienne Ames, Ralph Bellamy, Donald Cook, Robert Armstrong, genre is romance. Release year is 1935, title is The Gilded Lily, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray, Ray Milland, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1935, title is The Girl from 10th Avenue, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Bette Davis, Ian Hunter, Alison Skipworth, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Glass Key, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is George Raft, Edward Arnold, Claire Dodd, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is Go Into Your Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Al Jolson, Ruby Keeler, Glenda Farrell, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Gold Diggers of 1935, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Dick Powell, Alice Brady, Hugh Herbert, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1935, title is The Good Fairy, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Margaret Sullavan, Herbert Marshall, Frank Morgan, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Grand Exit, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Edmund Lowe, Ann Sothern, genre is mystery. Release year is 1935, title is Grand Old Girl, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is May Robson, Fred MacMurray, Edward Van Sloan, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1935, title is The Great Impersonation, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Edmund Lowe, Valerie Hobson, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Hands Across the Table, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Carole Lombard, Fred MacMurray, Ralph Bellamy, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1935, title is Harmony Lane, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Douglass Montgomery, Evelyn Venable, Adrienne Ames, genre is biopic. Release year is 1935, title is The Healer, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Barker, cast is Ralph Bellamy, Judith Allen, Mickey Rooney, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Hold 'Em Yale, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Patricia Ellis, Cesar Romero, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Honeymoon Limited, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Neil Hamilton, Irene Hervey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Hop-Along Cassidy, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is William Boyd, James Ellison, Paula Stone, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Hot Tip, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, James Gleason, cast is ZaSu Pitts, James Gleason, Margaret Callahan, Russell Gleason, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is I Dream Too Much, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Henry Fonda, Lily Pons, Lucille Ball, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1935, title is I Found Stella Parish, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Kay Francis, Ian Hunter, Paul Lukas, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is I Live My Life, ethnicity is American, director is W.S. Van Dyke, cast is Joan Crawford, Brian Aherne, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1935, title is If You Could Only Cook, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Herbert Marshall, Jean Arthur, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1935, title is In Caliente, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Dolores del Río, Pat O'Brien, Edward Everett Horton, genre is musical, comedy. Release year is 1935, title is The Informer, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Victor McLaglen, Preston Foster, Donald Meek, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Irish in Us, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is James Cagney, Pat O'Brien, Olivia de Havilland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Kind Lady, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Aline MacMahon, Basil Rathbone, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Ladies Crave Excitement, ethnicity is American, director is Nick Grinde, cast is Norman Foster, Esther Ralston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is The Lady in Scarlet, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Reginald Denny, Patricia Farr, Jamison Thomas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is The Last Days of Pompeii, ethnicity is American, director is Merian C. Cooper, cast is Preston Foster, Basil Rathbone, Alan Hale, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1935, title is The Last Outpost, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, Louis J. Gasnier, cast is Cary Grant, Claude Rains, Kathleen Burke, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1935, title is Let 'Em Have It, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Richard Arlen, Virginia Bruce, genre is crime. Release year is 1935, title is Life Returns, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Frenke, cast is Onslow Stevens, Lois Wilson, genre is drama, science fiction. Release year is 1935, title is Little Big Shot, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Robert Armstrong, Sybil Jason, Ward Bond, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is The Little Colonel, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Shirley Temple, Lionel Barrymore, Hattie McDaniel, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Littlest Rebel, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Shirley Temple, John Boles, Jack Holt, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Lives of a Bengal Lancer, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Gary Cooper, Franchot Tone, Richard Cromwell, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1935, title is Living on Velvet, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is George Brent, Kay Francis, Henry O'Neill, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1935, title is Love in Bloom, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is George Burns, Gracie Allen, Dixie Lee, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1935, title is Mad Love, ethnicity is American, director is Karl Freund, cast is Peter Lorre, Frances Drake, Colin Clive, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1935, title is Magnificent Obsession, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Robert Taylor, Irene Dunne, Ralph Morgan, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1935, title is Make a Million, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, cast is Charles Starrett, Pauline Brooks, James Burke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Man of Iron, ethnicity is American, director is William C. McGann, cast is Barton MacLane, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Man on the Flying Trapeze, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Bruckman, W. C. Fields, cast is W. C. Fields, Kathleen Howard, Mary Brian, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is The Man Who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Roberts, cast is Ronald Colman, Joan Bennett, Colin Clive, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Mark of the Vampire, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Bela Lugosi, Lionel Barrymore, Elizabeth Allan, genre is mystery, horror. Release year is 1935, title is The Melody Lingers On, ethnicity is American, director is David Burton, cast is Josephine Hutchinson , Mona Barrie, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Melody Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Gene Autry, Ann Rutherford, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is A Midsummer Night's Dream, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, Max Reinhardt, cast is Olivia de Havilland, James Cagney, Mickey Rooney, genre is comedy, fantasy. Release year is 1935, title is Millions in the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is John Howard, Wendy Barrie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Miss Pacific Fleet, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joan Blondell, Glenda Farrell, Hugh Herbert, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Mississippi, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Bing Crosby, Joan Bennett, W. C. Fields, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1935, title is Mister Dynamite, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Edmund Lowe, Matt McHugh, Esther Ralston, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is Murder by Television, ethnicity is American, director is Clifford Sanforth, cast is Bela Lugosi, June Collyer, genre is mystery. Release year is 1935, title is Murder in Harlem, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Micheaux, cast is Clarence Brooks, Dorothy Van Engle, Alice B. Russell, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1935, title is Murder in the Fleet, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Robert Taylor, Arthur Byron, Una Merkel, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Murder Man, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Whelan, cast is Spencer Tracy, Virginia Bruce, William Demarest, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is Murder on a Honeymoon, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Corrigan, cast is Edna May Oliver, Leo G. Carroll, Lola Lane, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1935, title is Music Is Magic, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Alice Faye, Bebe Daniels, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Mutiny on the Bounty, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Charles Laughton, Clark Gable, Franchot Tone, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1935, title is The Mystery Man, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Robert Armstrong, Maxine Doyle, genre is crime. Release year is 1935, title is Mystery Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Mona Barrie, Gilbert Roland, genre is thriller. Release year is 1935, title is Naughty Marietta, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Nelson Eddy, Elsa Lanchester, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1935, title is A Night at the Opera, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, Edmund Goulding, cast is Marx Brothers, Kitty Carlisle, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1935, title is The Nitwits, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is No More Ladies, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, George Cukor, cast is Joan Crawford, Robert Montgomery, Joan Fontaine, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1935, title is Oil for the Lamps of China, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Pat O'Brien, Josephine Hutchinson, Jean Muir, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is One Frightened Night, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Lucien Littlefield, Mary Carlisle, Regis Toomey, genre is comedy, horror. Release year is 1935, title is One More Spring, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Janet Gaynor, Warner Baxter, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1935, title is Our Little Girl, ethnicity is American, director is John S. Robertson, cast is Shirley Temple, Rosemary Ames, Joel McCrea, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Pace That Kills, ethnicity is American, director is William A. O'Connor, cast is Sheila Bromley, Lois January, Charles Delaney, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Page Miss Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Marion Davies, Pat O'Brien, Dick Powell, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Paris in Spring, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Mary Ellis, Tullio Carminati, Ida Lupino, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Party Wire, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Jean Arthur, Victor Jory, Charley Grapewin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Peter Ibbetson, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Gary Cooper, Ann Harding, Ida Lupino, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Private Worlds, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Claudette Colbert, Joel McCrea, Charles Boyer, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Professional Soldier, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Victor McLaglen, Freddie Bartholomew, Gloria Stuart, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1935, title is Public Hero No. 1, ethnicity is American, director is J. Walter Ruben, cast is Jean Arthur, Lionel Barrymore, Joseph Calleia, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is The Public Menace, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Jean Arthur, George Murphy, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Pursuit, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Chester Morris, Sally Eilers, genre is action. Release year is 1935, title is Racing Luck, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is William Boyd, Barbara Worth, genre is action. Release year is 1935, title is Rainbow Valley, ethnicity is American, director is Robert N. Bradbury, cast is John Wayne, Lucile Browne, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is The Rainmakers, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Guiol, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Dorothy Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is The Raven, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Bela Lugosi, Boris Karloff, Irene Ware, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1935, title is Reckless, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Jean Harlow, William Powell, Rosalind Russell, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1935, title is Red Salute, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Robert Young, Purnell Pratt, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Remember Last Night?, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Constance Cummings, Robert Young, Edward Arnold, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1935, title is Rendezvous, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is William Powell, Rosalind Russell, Cesar Romero, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1935, title is Roberta, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Irene Dunne, Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Rocky Mountain Mystery, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Randolph Scott, Ann Sheridan, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Romance in Manhattan, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Roberts, cast is Ginger Rogers, Francis Lederer, Jimmy Butler, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1935, title is Ruggles of Red Gap, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Charles Laughton, Roland Young, ZaSu Pitts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Rumba, ethnicity is American, director is Marion Gering, cast is George Raft, Carole Lombard, Gail Patrick, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is The Sagebrush Troubadour, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Gene Autry, Barbara Pepper, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is The Scoundrel, ethnicity is American, director is Ben Hecht, Charles MacArthur, cast is Noël Coward, Martha Sleeper, Alexander Woollcott, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1935, title is Shadow of Doubt, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Ricardo Cortez, Virginia Bruce, genre is mystery. Release year is 1935, title is She, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Helen Gahagan, Randolph Scott, Nigel Bruce, genre is adventure, fantasy. Release year is 1935, title is She Couldn't Take It, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Joan Bennett, Walter Connolly, Wallace Ford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is She Married Her Boss, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Claudette Colbert, Melvyn Douglas, Jean Dixon, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1935, title is Shipmates Forever, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Dick Powell, Ruby Keeler, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is A Shot in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Charles Starrett, Marion Shilling, genre is mystery. Release year is 1935, title is The Singing Vagabond, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Pierson, cast is Gene Autry, Ann Rutherford, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Special Agent, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Bette Davis, Ricardo Cortez, George Brent, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1935, title is Star of Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Roberts, cast is William Powell, Ginger Rogers, Ward Bond, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1935, title is Streamline Express, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard Fields, cast is Victor Jory, Esther Ralston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Sweet Music, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Rudy Vallée, Ann Dvorak, Helen Morgan, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Sylvia Scarlett, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Cary Grant, Edmund Gwenn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is A Tale of Two Cities, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Ronald Colman, Edna May Oliver, Basil Rathbone, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Texas Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Robert N. Bradbury, cast is John Wayne, Lucile Brown, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Thanks a Million, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Dick Powell, Raymond Walburn, Patsy Kelly, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1935, title is The Three Musketeers, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Paul Lukas, Walter Abel, Heather Angel, genre is adventure, action. Release year is 1935, title is Thunder in the Night, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Edmund Lowe, Karen Morley, Paul Cavanagh, genre is crime. Release year is 1935, title is Top Hat, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Edward Everett Horton, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1935, title is Traveling Saleslady, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joan Blondell, Glenda Farrell, William Gargan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Two for Tonight, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Bing Crosby, Joan Bennett, Mary Boland, genre is musical. Release year is 1935, title is Tumbling Tumbleweeds, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, Lucile Browne, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Vagabond Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Taylor, cast is Robert Young, Evelyn Venable, Reginald Denny, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Way Down East, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Henry Fonda, Rochelle Hudson, Margaret Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is The Wedding Night, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Gary Cooper, Anna Sten, Helen Vinson, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Welcome Home, ethnicity is American, director is James Tinling, cast is James Dunn, Arline Judge, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is We're in the Money, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joan Blondell, Glenda Farrell, Hugh Herbert, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Werewolf of London, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Walker, cast is Henry Hull, Warner Oland, Valerie Hobson, genre is horror, sci-fi. Release year is 1935, title is West Point of the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rosson, cast is Robert Taylor, Wallace Beery, Rosalind Russell, genre is drama. Release year is 1935, title is Westward Ho, ethnicity is American, director is Robert N. Bradbury, cast is John Wayne, Sheila Bromley, Hank Bell, genre is western. Release year is 1935, title is Whipsaw, ethnicity is American, director is James Wong Howe, Sam Wood, cast is Spencer Tracy, Myrna Loy, John Qualen, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1935, title is The White Cockatoo, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Crosland, cast is Jean Muir, Ricardo Cortez, genre is mystery. Release year is 1935, title is The Whole Town's Talking, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Jean Arthur, Arthur Byron, genre is comedy. Release year is 1935, title is Wings in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is James Flood, cast is Cary Grant, Myrna Loy, Matt McHugh, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1935, title is The Woman in Red, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Genevieve Tobin, Gene Raymond, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is 36 Hours to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Brian Donlevy, Gloria Stuart, Warren Hymer, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Aces and Eights, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Tim McCoy, Luana Walters, Rex Lease, genre is western. Release year is 1936, title is After the Thin Man, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, James Stewart, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is All American Chump, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Stuart Erwin, Betty Furness, Edmund Gwenn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is And So They Were Married, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Mary Astor, Melvyn Douglas, Edith Fellows, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1936, title is Anthony Adverse, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Fredric March, Olivia de Havilland, Donald Woods, Anita Louise, Edmund Gwenn, Claude Rains, Louis Hayward, Gale Sondergaard (Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress), genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1936, title is Banjo on My Knee, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Joel McCrea, Walter Brennan, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is Beloved Enemy, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Merle Oberon, Brian Aherne, David Niven, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is The Big Game, ethnicity is American, director is George Nicholls, Jr., cast is James Gleason, Bruce Cabot, June Travis, genre is drama, sports. Release year is 1936, title is The Big Show, ethnicity is American, director is Mack V. Wright, cast is Gene Autry, Sons of the Pioneers, genre is western, musical. Release year is 1936, title is The Bohemian Girl, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Horne, Charley Rogers, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Thelma Todd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is The Bride Walks Out, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Gene Raymond, Hattie McDaniel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Bullets or Ballots, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Barton MacLane, Humphrey Bogart, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1936, title is Cain and Mabel, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Marion Davies, Clark Gable, Allen Jenkins, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Camille, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Greta Garbo, Robert Taylor, Lionel Barrymore, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1936, title is Captain Calamity, ethnicity is American, director is John Reinhardt, cast is George Houston, Marian Nixon, Vince Barnett, genre is adventure, romance. Release year is 1936, title is Captain January, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Shirley Temple, Buddy Ebsen, Guy Kibbee, genre is musical. Release year is 1936, title is The Case of the Black Cat, ethnicity is American, director is William C. McGann, cast is Ricardo Cortez, June Travis, Guy Usher, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is Ceiling Zero, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is James Cagney, Pat O'Brien, Barton MacLane, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1936, title is The Charge of the Light Brigade, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Donald Crisp, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1936, title is Charlie Chan at the Circus, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, cast is Warner Oland, Keye Luke, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is Charlie Chan at the Opera, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Warner Oland, Keye Luke, Boris Karloff, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is Charlie Chan at the Race Track, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Warner Oland, Keye Luke, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is Charlie Chan's Secret, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Wiles, cast is Warner Oland, Rosina Lawrence, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is Chatterbox, ethnicity is American, director is George Nicholls, Jr., cast is Anne Shirley, Phillips Holmes, Lucille Ball, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1936, title is China Clipper, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Pat O'Brien, Ross Alexander, Humphrey Bogart, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Colleen, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Dick Powell, Joan Blondell, Hugh Herbert, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is College Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is George Burns, Gracie Allen, Jack Benny, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Come and Get It, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, William Wyler, cast is Edward Arnold, Joel McCrea, Frances Farmer, Walter Brennan (Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor), genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Conflict, ethnicity is American, director is David Howard, cast is John Wayne, genre is drama, sport. Release year is 1936, title is Crack-Up, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Peter Lorre, Brian Donlevy, Helen Wood, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Death in the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Elmer Clifton, cast is Henry Hall, Wheeler Oakman, Leon Ames, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is Desire, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Marlene Dietrich, Gary Cooper, William Frawley, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1936, title is The Devil Is a Sissy, ethnicity is American, director is W.S. Van Dyke, cast is Freddie Bartholomew, Jackie Cooper, Mickey Rooney, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1936, title is The Devil-Doll, ethnicity is American, director is Tod Browning, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Maureen O'Sullivan, Pedro de Cordoba, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1936, title is Dimples, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Shirley Temple, Frank Morgan, genre is musical. Release year is 1936, title is Dodsworth, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler Best Director nominee, cast is Walter Huston (Best Actor nominee), Ruth Chatterton, Paul Lukas, Mary Astor, Kathryn Marlow, David Niven, Gregory Gaye, Maria Ouspenskaya (Best Supporting Actress nominee), genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Don't Turn 'Em Loose, ethnicity is American, director is Ben Stoloff, cast is Lewis Stone, James Gleason, Bruce Cabot, Louise Latimer, Betty Grable, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Doughnuts and Society, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, cast is Maude Eburne, Louise Fazenda, Franklin Pangborn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Down the Stretch, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Willie Best, Mickey Rooney, Patricia Ellis, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Dracula's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Lambert Hillyer, cast is Otto Kruger, Gloria Holden, John Carradine, genre is horror. Release year is 1936, title is Early to Bed, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Charles Ruggles, Mary Boland, Lucien Littlefield, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Earthworm Tractors, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joe E. Brown, June Travis, Guy Kibbee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Ellis Island, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Donald Cook, Peggy Shannon, Bradley Page, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1936, title is Exclusive Story, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Franchot Tone, Madge Evans, Joseph Calleia, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is F-Man, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Jack Haley, William Frawley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is A Face in the Fog, ethnicity is American, director is Robert F. Hill, cast is Lawrence Gray, June Collyer, Forrest Taylor, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is The Farmer in the Dell, ethnicity is American, director is Ben Holmes, cast is Frank Albertson, Moroni Olsen, Lucille Ball, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Florida Special, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Frances Drake, Jack Oakie, Claude Gillingwater, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1936, title is Follow the Fleet, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Lucille Ball, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is Freshman Love, ethnicity is American, director is William C. McGann, cast is Frank McHugh, Patricia Ellis, Mary Treen, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Spencer Tracy, Sylvia Sidney, Walter Brennan, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1936, title is The Gay Desperado, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Ida Lupino, Leo Carrillo, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Go West, Young Man, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Mae West, Warren William, Alice Brady, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Gold Diggers of 1937, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, Lloyd Bacon, cast is Dick Powell, Joan Blondell, Victor Moore, genre is musical. Release year is 1936, title is The Golden Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Bette Davis, George Brent, Eugene Pallette, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1936, title is Grand Jury, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Fred Stone, Louise Latimer, Owen Davis, Jr., genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is The Great Ziegfeld, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard Best Director nominee, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, Luise Rainer (Academy Award for Best Actress), genre is musical biography. Release year is 1936, title is The Green Pastures, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Rex Ingram, Al Stokes, Eddie Anderson, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1936, title is Her Master's Voice, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Edward Everett Horton, Peggy Conklin, Laura Hope Crews, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is High Tension, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Brian Donlevy, Glenda Farrell, Norman Foster, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1936, title is His Brother's Wife, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Robert Taylor, Barbara Stanwyck, Jean Hersholt, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Hollywood Boulevard, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is John Halliday, Robert Cummings, Marsha Hunt, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Hopalong Cassidy Returns, ethnicity is American, director is Nate Watt, cast is William Boyd, Gabby Hayes, Gail Sheridan, genre is western. Release year is 1936, title is House of Secrets, ethnicity is American, director is Roland D. Reed, cast is Muriel Evans, Leslie Fenton, Noel Madison, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is The Invisible Ray, ethnicity is American, director is Lambert Hillyer, cast is Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, Frances Drake, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1936, title is Isle of Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Margaret Lindsay, Donald Woods, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1936, title is It Couldn't Have Happened – But It Did, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Reginald Denny, Evelyn Brent, Jack La Rue, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1936, title is The Jungle Princess, ethnicity is American, director is Wilhelm Thiele, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Ray Milland, Molly Lamont, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1936, title is Ladies in Love, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is Loretta Young, Janet Gaynor, Don Ameche, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1936, title is The Last of the Mohicans, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Randolph Scott, Bruce Cabot, Henry Wilcoxon, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1936, title is The Lawless Nineties, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is John Wayne, Ann Rutherford, Gabby Hayes, genre is western. Release year is 1936, title is Libeled Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Jean Harlow, William Powell, Spencer Tracy, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1936, title is Little Lord Fauntleroy, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Freddie Bartholomew, C. Aubrey Smith, Mickey Rooney, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1936, title is Lloyd's of London, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Freddie Bartholomew, Madeleine Carroll, Tyrone Power, genre is historical. Release year is 1936, title is Love Before Breakfast, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Carole Lombard, Cesar Romero, Preston Foster, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Love on a Bet, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is Gene Raymond, Wendy Barrie, Helen Broderick, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Love on the Run, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Joan Crawford, Clark Gable, Franchot Tone, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1936, title is Make Way for a Lady, ethnicity is American, director is David Burton, cast is Anne Shirley, Herbert Marshall, Gertrude Michael, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Man of the Frontier, ethnicity is American, director is B. Reeves Eason, cast is Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, genre is western. Release year is 1936, title is Marihuana, ethnicity is American, director is Dwain Esper, cast is Hugh McArthur, Dorothy Dehn, Paul Ellis, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Mary of Scotland, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Fredric March, Moroni Olsen, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is A Message to Garcia, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is John Boles, Barbara Stanwyck, Wallace Beery, genre is war. Release year is 1936, title is The Milky Way, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Harold Lloyd, Adolphe Menjou, Helen Mack, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Modern Times, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charles Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1936, title is The Moon's Our Home, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Henry Fonda, Margaret Sullavan, Walter Brennan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is More Than a Secretary, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Jean Arthur, George Brent, Ruth Donnelly, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1936, title is Mr. Deeds Goes to Town, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra Academy Award for Best Director, cast is Gary Cooper (Best Actor nominee), Jean Arthur, Lionel Stander, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1936, title is My Man Godfrey, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava Best Director nominee, cast is William Powell (Best Actor nominee), Carole Lombard (Best Actress nominee), Alice Brady (Best Supporting Actress nominee), Gail Patrick, Jean Dixon, Eugene Pallette, Alan Mowbray, Mischa Auer (Best Supporting Actor nominee), genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1936, title is Next Time We Love, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is James Stewart, Margaret Sullavan, Ray Milland, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1936, title is One in a Million, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Sonja Henie, Adolphe Menjou, Don Ameche, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is One Rainy Afternoon, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Ida Lupino, Hugh Herbert, Roland Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Palm Springs, ethnicity is American, director is Aubrey Scotto, cast is Frances Langford, Guy Standing, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Pennies from Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Bing Crosby, Madge Evans, Louis Armstrong, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is The Petrified Forest, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Bette Davis, Leslie Howard, Humphrey Bogart, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1936, title is Picadilly Jim, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Robert Montgomery, Frank Morgan, Billie Burke, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Pigskin Parade, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Stuart Erwin (Best Supporting Actor nominee), Patsy Kelly, Jack Haley, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is The Plainsman, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Gary Cooper, Jean Arthur, James Ellison, genre is western, war. Release year is 1936, title is Poor Little Rich Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Shirley Temple, Alice Faye, Jack Haley, genre is musical. Release year is 1936, title is Poppy, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is W.C. Fields, Rochelle Hudson, Richard Cromwell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is The President's Mystery, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Henry Wilcoxon, Sidney Blackmer, Betty Furness, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is The Prisoner of Shark Island, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Warner Baxter, Gloria Stuart, genre is biography. Release year is 1936, title is Private Number, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Loretta Young, Robert Taylor, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Rainbow on the River, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Bobby Breen, May Robson, Charles Butterworth, genre is musical. Release year is 1936, title is Ramona, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Loretta Young, Don Ameche, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Reefer Madness, ethnicity is American, director is Louis J. Gasnier, cast is Dorothy Short, Kenneth Craig, genre is exploitation. Release year is 1936, title is Reunion, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Jean Hersholt, Rochelle Hudson, The Dionne Quintuplets, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Revolt of the Zombies, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Halperin, cast is Dean Jagger, Dorothy Stone, Roy D'Arcy, genre is drama, horror. Release year is 1936, title is Rhythm on the Range, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Bing Crosby, Frances Farmer, Bob Burns, genre is musical western. Release year is 1936, title is Riffraff, ethnicity is American, director is J. Walter Ruben, cast is Spencer Tracy, Jean Harlow, Mickey Rooney, genre is comedy, crime. Release year is 1936, title is Robin Hood of El Dorado, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Warner Baxter, Ann Loring, Bruce Cabot, genre is western. Release year is 1936, title is The Rogues Tavern, ethnicity is American, director is Robert F. Hill, cast is Wallace Ford, Joan Woodbury, Barbara Pepper, genre is comedy, horror. Release year is 1936, title is Rose Marie, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Nelson Eddy, James Stewart, genre is western, musical. Release year is 1936, title is San Francisco, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke (Best Director nominee), cast is Clark Gable, Jeanette MacDonald, Spencer Tracy (Best Actor nominee), genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1936, title is Satan Met a Lady, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Bette Davis, Warren William, Alison Skipworth, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1936, title is Sea Spoilers, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is John Wayne, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1936, title is Show Boat, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Irene Dunne, Allan Jones, Paul Robeson, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is Sinner Take All, ethnicity is American, director is Errol Taggart, cast is Bruce Cabot, Margaret Lindsay, genre is murder mystery. Release year is 1936, title is Small Town Girl, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Robert Taylor, Janet Gaynor, James Stewart, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1936, title is Smartest Girl in Town, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Ann Sothern, Gene Raymond, Eric Blore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Special Investigator, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Richard Dix, Margaret Callahan, Owen Davis, Jr., genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1936, title is The Story of Louis Pasteur, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Paul Muni (Academy Award for Best Actor), Josephine Hutchinson, Anita Louise, genre is biography. Release year is 1936, title is Stowaway, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Shirley Temple, Robert Young, Eugene Pallette, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is Suzy, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is Jean Harlow, Franchot Tone, Cary Grant, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Swing Time, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Victor Moore, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is Tarzan Escapes, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, John Farrow, cast is Maureen O'Sullivan, Johnny Weissmuller, John Buckler, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1936, title is The Texas Rangers, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Fred MacMurray, Jean Parker, Jack Oakie, genre is western. Release year is 1936, title is Theodora Goes Wild, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Boleslawski, cast is Irene Dunne (Best Actress nominee), Melvyn Douglas, Thurston Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is These Three, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Merle Oberon, Joel McCrea, Catherine Doucet, Bonita Granville (Best Supporting Actress nominee), genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Thirteen Hours by Air, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Fred MacMurray, Joan Bennett, ZaSu Pitts, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Three Godfathers, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Boleslawski, cast is Chester Morris, Walter Brennan, Irene Hervey, genre is western. Release year is 1936, title is Three Men on a Horse, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Frank McHugh, Joan Blondell, Guy Kibbee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Three of a Kind, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Evalyn Knapp, Chick Chandler, Berton Churchill, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Till We Meet Again, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Herbert Marshall, Gertrude Michael, Lionel Atwill, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1936, title is Times Square Playboy, ethnicity is American, director is William C. McGann, cast is Gene Lockhart, Warren William, June Travis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is The Trail of the Lonesome Pine, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Sylvia Sidney, Fred MacMurray, Henry Fonda, genre is romance. Release year is 1936, title is Two in a Crowd, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Joan Bennett, Joel McCrea, Elisha Cook, Jr., genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Under Your Spell, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Lawrence Tibbett, Wendy Barrie, Berton Churchill, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1936, title is Valiant Is the Word for Carrie, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Gladys George (Best Actress nominee), Arline Judge, John Howard, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is The Walking Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Boris Karloff, Ricardo Cortez, Edmund Gwenn, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1936, title is The White Angel, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Kay Francis, Ian Hunter, Donald Crisp, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Wife vs. Secretary, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Clark Gable, Myrna Loy, Jean Harlow, genre is comedy. Release year is 1936, title is Without Orders, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Sally Eilers, Robert Armstrong, Frances Sage, Charley Grapewin, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is A Woman Rebels, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Herbert Marshall, Elizabeth Allan, genre is drama. Release year is 1936, title is Yellow Dust, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Richard Dix, Leila Hyams, Moroni Olsen, genre is western. Release year is 1936, title is Yiddle with His Fiddle, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Green, cast is Molly Picon, Leon Liebgold, genre is musical. Release year is 1937, title is The 13th Man, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Weldon Hayburn, Milburn Stone, Robert Homans, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is 3 Dumb Clucks, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is Moe Howard, Larry Fine, Curly Howard, genre is comedy 2-reeler. Release year is 1937, title is The Adventurous Blonde, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Glenda Farrell, Barton MacLane, Anne Nagel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Affairs of Cappy Ricks, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Staub, cast is Walter Brennan, Mary Brian, Lyle Talbot, genre is comedy-drama. Release year is 1937, title is Amateur Crook, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Katzman, cast is Joan Barclay, Bruce Bennett, Vivien Oakland, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Marlene Dietrich, Melvyn Douglas, Herbert Marshall, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Another Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Kay Francis, Errol Flynn, Ian Hunter, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Arizona Days, ethnicity is American, director is John English, cast is Tex Ritter, Syd Saylor, William Faversham, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Atlantic Flight, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Dick Merrill, Jack Lambie, Paula Stone, genre is adventure. Release year is 1937, title is The Awful Truth, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Cary Grant, Irene Dunne, Ralph Bellamy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Back in Circulation, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Pat O'Brien, Joan Blondell, Margaret Lindsay, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Bad Guy, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Bruce Cabot, Virginia Grey, Charley Grapewin, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is Big City, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Spencer Tracy, Luise Rainer, Eddie Quillan, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Big Town Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Claire Trevor, Donald Woods, Spencer Charters, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Black Legion, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, Michael Curtiz, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Ann Sheridan, Joe Sawyer, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Born to the West, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is John Wayne, Marsha Hunt, Johnny Mack Brown, genre is western. Release year is 1937, title is Breakfast for Two, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Glenda Farrell, Herbert Marshall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is The Bride Wore Red, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Arzner, cast is Joan Crawford, Franchot Tone, Billie Burke, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Broadway Melody of 1938, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, Robert Magruder, cast is Robert Taylor, Eleanor Powell, Judy Garland, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1937, title is Bulldog Drummond Comes Back, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is John Howard, John Barrymore, Louise Campbell, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is Bulldog Drummond Escapes, ethnicity is American, director is James P. Hogan, cast is Ray Milland, Guy Standing, Heather Angel, genre is thriller. Release year is 1937, title is California Straight Ahead, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is John Wayne, genre is action, western. Release year is 1937, title is Captains Courageous, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Spencer Tracy, Freddie Bartholomew, Lionel Barrymore, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is Charlie Chan at the Olympics, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Warner Oland, Katherine DeMille, genre is mystery. Release year is 1937, title is Charlie Chan on Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Warner Oland, Keye Luke, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1937, title is China Passage, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Killy, cast is Leslie Fenton, Vinton Hayworth, Constance Worth, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is Circus Girl, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is June Travis, Robert Livingston, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Confession, ethnicity is American, director is Joe May, cast is Kay Francis, Basil Rathbone, Ian Hunter, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Conquest, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, Gustav Machaty, cast is Greta Garbo, Charles Boyer, Dame May Whitty, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Counsel for Crime, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Otto Kruger, Douglass Montgomery, Thurston Hall, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is Criminals of the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Charles C. Coleman, cast is Rosalind Keith, Charles Quigley, Rita Hayworth, genre is action. Release year is 1937, title is A Damsel in Distress, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Fred Astaire, Joan Fontaine, Montagu Love, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1937, title is Danger – Love at Work, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Ann Sothern, Edward Everett Horton, John Carradine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Dangerous Number, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Robert Young, Ann Sothern, Cora Witherspoon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Daughter of Shanghai, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Anna May Wong, Buster Crabbe, Charles Bickford, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is A Day at the Races, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Groucho Marx, Chico Marx, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Dead End, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Sylvia Sidney, Joel McCrea, Humphrey Bogart, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is The Devil's Playground, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Dolores del Río, Richard Dix, Ward Bond, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Don't Tell the Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Guy Kibbee, Una Merkel, Guinn Williams, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Double or Nothing, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore Reed, cast is Bing Crosby, Mary Carlisle, Martha Raye, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1937, title is Double Wedding, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, Florence Rice, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Easy Living, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Jean Arthur, Ray Milland, Edward Arnold, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Escape by Night, ethnicity is American, director is Hamilton MacFadden, cast is William Hall, Dean Jagger, Ward Bond, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is Ever Since Eve, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Marion Davies, Robert Montgomery, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Every Day's a Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Mae West, Edmund Lowe, Louis Armstrong, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Exclusive, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Fred MacMurray, Frances Farmer, Porter Hall, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Expensive Husbands, ethnicity is American, director is Brian Joerger, cast is Beverly Roberts, Patric Knowles, Allyn Joslyn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is A Family Affair, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Spring Byington, Mickey Rooney, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Fifty Roads to Town, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Don Ameche, Ann Sothern, Jane Darwell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Fight for Your Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is John Boles, Ida Lupino, Jack Oakie, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1937, title is The Firefly, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Allan Jones, Warren William, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1937, title is First Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Logan, cast is Kay Francis, Verree Teasdale, Walter Connolly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Fit for a King, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Joe E. Brown, Helen Mack, Paul Kelly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Flight from Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Chester Morris, Van Heflin, Whitney Bourne, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is The Game That Kills, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Charles Quigley, Rita Hayworth, John Gallaudet, genre is mystery. Release year is 1937, title is The Girl Said No, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Irene Hervey, William Danforth, Vera Ross, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Girls Can Play, ethnicity is American, director is Lambert Hillyer, cast is Julie Bishop, Charles Quigley, Rita Hayworth, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is The Go Getter, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is George Brent, Anita Louise, Henry O'Neill, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1937, title is The Good Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin, Victor Fleming, cast is Paul Muni, Luise Rainer, Walter Connolly, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is The Great Gambini, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Marian Marsh, Akim Tamiroff, William Demarest, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1937, title is The Great Garrick, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Brian Aherne, Edward Everett Horton, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Green Fields, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Michael Goldstein, Helen Beverley, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Green Light, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Errol Flynn, Anita Louise, Cedric Hardwicke, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Harlem on the Prairie, ethnicity is American, director is Jed Buell, Sam Newfield, cast is Herb Jeffries, Mantan Moreland, Nathan Curry, genre is western. Release year is 1937, title is Heidi, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Shirley Temple, Jean Hersholt, Arthur Treacher, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Heroes of the Alamo, ethnicity is American, director is Harry L. Fraser, cast is Rex Lease, Lane Chandler, Earle Hodgins, genre is western, war. Release year is 1937, title is High Flyers, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Lupe Velez, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is High, Wide and Handsome, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Irene Dunne, Randolph Scott, Dorothy Lamour, genre is western, musical. Release year is 1937, title is Hills of Old Wyoming, ethnicity is American, director is Nate Watt, cast is William Boyd, Gabby Hayes, Gail Sheridan, genre is western. Release year is 1937, title is History Is Made at Night, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Charles Boyer, Jean Arthur, Colin Clive, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Hollywood Hotel, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Dick Powell, Rosemary Lane, Hugh Herbert, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is The Hurricane, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Mary Astor, Jon Hall, genre is adventure. Release year is 1937, title is I Cover the War, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is John Wayne,, genre is action, drama, war. Release year is 1937, title is Idol of the Crowds, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is John Wayne, genre is sport, drama. Release year is 1937, title is In Old Chicago, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Tyrone Power, Alice Brady, Don Ameche, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1937, title is It's Love I'm After, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Bette Davis, Olivia de Havilland, Leslie Howard, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Jungle Menace, ethnicity is American, director is Harry L. Fraser, cast is Frank Buck, genre is serial. Release year is 1937, title is Kid Galahad, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Bette Davis, Humphrey Bogart, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is The Last Gangster, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Edward G. Robinson, James Stewart, Douglas Scott, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is The League of Frightened Men, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Walter Connolly, Lionel Stander, genre is mystery. Release year is 1937, title is Life Begins in College, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is The Ritz Brothers, Gloria Stuart, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is The Life of Émile Zola, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Paul Muni, Joseph Schildkraut, Gale Sondergaard, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is The Life of the Party, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Billy Gilbert, Franklin Pangborn, Ann Miller, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Lost Horizon, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Ronald Colman, Jane Wyatt, H. B. Warner, genre is adventure, fantasy. Release year is 1937, title is Love Is on the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Nick Grinde, cast is Ronald Reagan, June Travis, Eddie Acuff, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1937, title is Love Under Fire, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Loretta Young, Don Ameche, Katherine DeMille, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Madame X, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Gladys George, Warren William, Reginald Owen, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Maid of Salem, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray, Gale Sondergaard, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Make Way for Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Victor Moore, Beulah Bondi, Thomas Mitchell, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is The Man Who Found Himself, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Joan Fontaine, George Irving, John Beal, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Mannequin, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Joan Crawford, Spencer Tracy, Alan Curtis, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Marked Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, Michael Curtiz, cast is Bette Davis, Humphrey Bogart, Eduardo Ciannelli, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is Married Before Breakfast, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Robert Young, Florence Rice, Barnett Parker, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Marry the Girl, ethnicity is American, director is William C. McGann, cast is Mary Boland, Hugh Herbert, Mischa Auer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Maytime, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Nelson Eddy, John Barrymore, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1937, title is Midnight Court, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Ann Dvorak, Carlyle Moore, Jr., John Litel, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is A Million to One, ethnicity is American, director is Lynn Shores, cast is Bruce Bennett, Joan Fontaine, Monte Blue, genre is drama, sports. Release year is 1937, title is Mr. Dodd Takes the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Kenny Baker, Frank McHugh, Alice Brady, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Murder in Greenwich Village, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Fay Wray, Richard Arlen, Raymond Walburn, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1937, title is Night Club Scandal, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is John Barrymore, Louise Campbell, Lynne Overman, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Night Key, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Corrigan, cast is Boris Karloff, Jean Rogers, Alan Baxter, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is Night Must Fall, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Rosalind Russell, Robert Montgomery, Dame May Whitty, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Nobody's Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Gus Meins, cast is Patsy Kelly, Lyda Roberti, Lynne Overman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Nothing Sacred, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Carole Lombard, Fredric March, Walter Connolly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is On Again-Off Again, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is On the Avenue, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Dick Powell, Madeleine Carroll, The Ritz Brothers, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is One Hundred Men and a Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Deanna Durbin, Adolphe Menjou, Alice Brady, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is One Mile from Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Claire Trevor, Fredi Washington, Sally Blane, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is The Outcasts of Poker Flat, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Preston Foster, Virginia Weidler, Van Heflin, genre is western. Release year is 1937, title is Over the Goal, ethnicity is American, director is Noel Smith, cast is William Hopper, June Travis, genre is sports drama. Release year is 1937, title is Parnell, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Clark Gable, Myrna Loy, Alan Marshal, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1937, title is The Perfect Specimen, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Errol Flynn, Joan Blondell, Hugh Herbert, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is The Prince and the Pauper, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Errol Flynn, Claude Rains, Henry Stephenson, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is The Prisoner of Zenda, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Ronald Colman, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Raymond Massey, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is Quality Street, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Franchot Tone, Estelle Winwood, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Racing Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Ann Dvorak, Smith Ballew, Harry Carey, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Riding on Air, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Joe E. Brown, Guy Kibbee, Florence Rice, genre is comedy, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is The Road Back, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Slim Summerville, Andy Devine, John Emery, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Rosalie, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Eleanor Powell, Nelson Eddy, Ray Bolger, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is San Quentin, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Pat O'Brien, Humphrey Bogart, Ann Sheridan, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Saratoga, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Clark Gable, Jean Harlow, Lionel Barrymore, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Second Honeymoon, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Loretta Young, Tyrone Power, Claire Trevor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Seventh Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is James Stewart, Simone Simon, Jean Hersholt, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1937, title is Shall We Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Edward Everett Horton, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Sky Racket, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Katzman, cast is Bruce Bennett, Monte Blue, Hattie McDaniel, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1937, title is Slaves in Bondage, ethnicity is American, director is Elmer Clifton, cast is Lona Andre, Wheeler Oakman, Florence Dudley, genre is drama, exploitation. Release year is 1937, title is Slim, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Henry Fonda, Pat O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, ethnicity is American, director is David Hand, cast is Voices of Adriana Caselotti, Billy Gilbert, genre is animated, musical. Release year is 1937, title is The Soldier and the Lady, ethnicity is American, director is George Nicholls, Jr., cast is Anton Walbrook, Elizabeth Allan, Akim Tamiroff, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is Souls at Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Gary Cooper, George Raft, Robert Cummings, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is Stage Door, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers, Adolphe Menjou, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Stand-In, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Leslie Howard, Humphrey Bogart, Joan Blondell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is A Star Is Born, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Fredric March, Janet Gaynor, Adolphe Menjou, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Stella Dallas, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, John Boles, Alan Hale, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Stolen Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Kay Francis, Claude Rains, Ian Hunter, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Submarine D-1, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Pat O'Brien, George Brent, Wayne Morris, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is Super-Sleuth, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Jack Oakie, Ann Sothern, Paul Guilfoyle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Swing High, Swing Low, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Carole Lombard, Fred MacMurray, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1937, title is Telephone Operator, ethnicity is American, director is Scott Pembroke, cast is Judith Allen, Alice White, Pat Flaherty, genre is drama, action. Release year is 1937, title is That Certain Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Bette Davis, Henry Fonda, Anita Louise, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is They Gave Him a Gun, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Spencer Tracy, Gladys George, Franchot Tone, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is They Won't Forget, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Claude Rains, Lana Turner, Otto Kruger, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1937, title is Thin Ice, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Tyrone Power, Sonja Henie, Arthur Treacher, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Think Fast, Mr. Moto, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Peter Lorre, Virginia Field, Thomas Beck, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1937, title is The Thirteenth Chair, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Dame May Whitty, Lewis Stone, Elissa Landi, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1937, title is This Is My Affair, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Robert Taylor, Barbara Stanwyck, Brian Donlevy, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is This Way Please, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Betty Grable, Charles Rogers, Porter Hall, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Thoroughbreds Don't Cry, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, C. Aubrey Smith, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is The Toast of New York, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Cary Grant, Frances Farmer, Edward Arnold, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Topper, ethnicity is American, director is Eric Hatch, Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Constance Bennett, Roland Young, Cary Grant, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Tovarich, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Claudette Colbert, Charles Boyer, Basil Rathbone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is True Confession, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Carole Lombard, Fred MacMurray, John Barrymore, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1937, title is Turn Off the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Charlie Ruggles, Eleanore Whitney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Under the Red Robe, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Sjostrom, cast is Conrad Veidt, Raymond Massey, Annabella, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is Waikiki Wedding, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Bing Crosby, Martha Raye, Shirley Ross, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Way Out West, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Horne, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, James Finlayson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is We Who Are About to Die, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Ann Dvorak, Preston Foster, Willie Fung, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1937, title is Wee Willie Winkie, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Shirley Temple, Victor McLaglen, C. Aubrey Smith, genre is adventure. Release year is 1937, title is Wells Fargo, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Joel McCrea, Frances Dee, Porter Hall, genre is drama, western. Release year is 1937, title is West of Shanghai, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, Crane Wilbur, cast is Boris Karloff, Ricardo Cortez, Beverly Roberts, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1937, title is When You're in Love, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, Robert Riskin, cast is Cary Grant, Grace Moore, Aline MacMahon, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Wild and Woolly, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Jane Withers, Walter Brennan, Lon Chaney, Jr., genre is comedy, western. Release year is 1937, title is Wine, Women and Horses, ethnicity is American, director is James Van Trees, Louis King, cast is Ann Sheridan, Barton MacLane, Walter Cassel, genre is drama. Release year is 1937, title is Wings over Honolulu, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Wendy Barrie, Ray Milland, William Gargan, genre is military romance. Release year is 1937, title is Wise Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Ray Milland, Guinn Williams, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Woman Chases Man, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is Charles Winninger, Miriam Hopkins, Joel McCrea, genre is comedy. Release year is 1937, title is The Woman I Love, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Paul Muni, Miriam Hopkins, Louis Hayward, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1937, title is You Can't Beat Love, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Preston Foster, Joan Fontaine, Herbert Mundin, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1937, title is You Can't Have Everything, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Alice Faye, Gypsy Rose Lee, The Ritz Brothers, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1937, title is Youth on Parole, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Marian Marsh, Gordon Oliver, Margaret Dumont, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1938, title is Accidents Will Happen, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Ronald Reagan, Gloria Blondell, Dick Purcell, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1938, title is The Adventures of Marco Polo, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, Archie Mayo, cast is Gary Cooper, George Barbier, Basil Rathbone, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1938, title is The Adventures of Robin Hood, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, William Keighley, cast is Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Claude Rains, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1938, title is The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, William A. Wellman, cast is Tommy Kelly, Jackie Moran, Victor Jory, genre is adventure. Release year is 1938, title is The Affairs of Annabel, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Lucille Ball, Jack Oakie, Bradley Page, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Algiers, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Hedy Lamarr, Charles Boyer, Joseph Calleia, genre is mystery. Release year is 1938, title is Always Goodbye, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Herbert Marshall, Cesar Romero, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Always in Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Jane Withers, Nana Bryant, Eddie Collins, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is The Amazing Dr. Clitterhouse, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Humphrey Bogart, Donald Crisp, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Angels with Dirty Faces, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is James Cagney, Pat O'Brien, Humphrey Bogart, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1938, title is Annabel Takes a Tour, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Lucille Ball, Jack Oakie, Ruth Donnelly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Army Girl, ethnicity is American, director is George Nicholls, Jr., cast is Preston Foster, Madge Evans, James Gleason, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is Artists and Models Abroad, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Jack Benny, Joan Bennett, Mary Boland, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1938, title is The Baroness and the Butler, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is William Powell, Annabella, Henry Stephenson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Battle of Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Victor McLaglen, Brian Donlevy, Gypsy Rose Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is The Big Broadcast of 1938, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is W. C. Fields, Bob Hope, Dorothy Lamour, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Block-Heads, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Blystone, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Patricia Ellis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Blond Cheat, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Joan Fontaine, Derrick De Marney, Lilian Bond, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Bluebeard's Eighth Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Claudette Colbert, Gary Cooper, David Niven, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Boy Meets Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is James Cagney, Pat O'Brien, Marie Wilson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Boys Town, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, Henry Hull, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Breaking the Ice, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Charles Ruggles, Dolores Costello, John King, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Bringing Up Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Cary Grant, May Robson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Brother Rat, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Wayne Morris, Ronald Reagan, Jane Wyman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Bulldog Drummond's Peril, ethnicity is American, director is James P. Hogan, cast is John Howard, John Barrymore, Louise Campbell, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Call of the Yukon, ethnicity is American, director is B. Reeves Eason, cast is Richard Arlen, Beverly Roberts, Lyle Talbot, genre is adventure. Release year is 1938, title is Campus Confessions, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Betty Grable, Thurston Hall, William Henry, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Carefree, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Jack Carson, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Charlie Chan in Honolulu, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Sidney Toler, Phyllis Brooks, genre is mystery. Release year is 1938, title is The Chaser, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Lewis Stone, Nat Pendleton, John Qualen, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Child Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Revier, cast is Shirley Mills, Bob Bollinger, genre is drama, exploitation. Release year is 1938, title is A Christmas Carol, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Reginald Owen, Gene Lockhart, Terry Kilburn, genre is drama, fantasy. Release year is 1938, title is City Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Phyllis Brooks, Ricardo Cortez, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1938, title is Cocoanut Grove, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Fred MacMurray, Eve Arden, Rufe Davis, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1938, title is College Swing, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is George Burns, Gracie Allen, Bob Hope, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Comet Over Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Kay Francis, Donald Crisp, Ian Hunter, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is The Cowboy and the Lady, ethnicity is American, director is H.C. Potter, cast is Gary Cooper, Merle Oberon, genre is western romance. Release year is 1938, title is Cowboy from Brooklyn, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Pat O'Brien, Dick Powell, Priscilla Lane, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Crime Ring, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Allan Lane, Clara Blandick, Bradley Page, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Crime School, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Gale Page, Billy Halop, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is The Crowd Roars, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Robert Taylor, Maureen O'Sullivan, Edward Arnold, genre is action. Release year is 1938, title is Danger on the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Otis Garrett, cast is Donald Woods, Nan Grey, Jed Prouty, genre is mystery. Release year is 1938, title is The Dawn Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Errol Flynn, Basil Rathbone, David Niven, genre is war. Release year is 1938, title is The Devil's Party, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Victor McLaglen, Beatrice Roberts, William Gargan, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1938, title is Dramatic School, ethnicity is American, director is Robert B. Sinclair, cast is Luise Rainer, Paulette Goddard, Lana Turner, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is The Duke of West Point, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Joan Fontaine, Tom Brown, Richard Carlson, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Everybody's Doing It, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Sally Eilers, Preston Foster, Guinn Williams, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Fast Company, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Melvyn Douglas, Florence Rice, Claire Dodd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Fools for Scandal, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, Bobby Connolly, cast is Carole Lombard, Ralph Bellamy, Fernand Gravey, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1938, title is Four Daughters, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Priscilla Lane, Claude Rains, John Garfield, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1938, title is Four's a Crowd, ethnicity is American, director is Ernie Haller, Michael Curtiz, cast is Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Rosalind Russell, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1938, title is Fugitives for a Night, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Eleanor Lynn, Allan Lane, Bradley Page, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1938, title is Girls on Probation, ethnicity is American, director is William C. McGann, cast is Jane Bryan, Ronald Reagan, Susan Heyward, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Go Chase Yourself, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Lucille Ball, Joe Penner, Fritz Feld, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is God's Step Children, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Micheaux, cast is Ethel Moses, Alice B. Russell, Columbus Jackson, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Gold Diggers in Paris, ethnicity is American, director is George Barnes, Ray Enright, cast is Rudy Vallée, Rosemary Lane, Hugh Herbert, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1938, title is Gold Is Where You Find It, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is George Brent, Olivia de Havilland, Claude Rains, genre is western, romance. Release year is 1938, title is Goodbye Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Alice Brady, Charles Winninger, Dorothea Kent, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is The Great Waltz, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, Julien Duvivier, cast is Luise Rainer, Fernand Gravey, Lionel Atwill, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1938, title is Happy Landing, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Sonja Henie, Don Ameche, Cesar Romero, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1938, title is Hard to Get, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, Charles Rosher, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Dick Powell, Charles Winninger, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1938, title is Having Wonderful Time, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Ginger Rogers, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Eve Arden, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1938, title is He Couldn't Say No, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Frank McHugh, Jane Wyman, Cora Witherspoon, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Her Jungle Love, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Ray Milland, Lynne Overman, genre is adventure, music. Release year is 1938, title is Hold That Co-ed, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is John Barrymore, George Murphy, Joan Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Hold That Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Maureen O'Sullivan, Dennis O'Keefe, Mickey Rooney, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1938, title is Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Cary Grant, Lew Ayres, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is I Am the Law, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Otto Kruger, Barbara O'Neil, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1938, title is I'll Give a Million, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Warner Baxter, Peter Lorre, Jean Hersholt, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is If I Were King, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Ronald Colman, Basil Rathbone, Frances Dee, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1938, title is In Old Mexico, ethnicity is American, director is Edward D. Venturini, cast is William Boyd, Gabby Hayes, Russell Hayden, genre is western. Release year is 1938, title is Island in the Sky, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert I. Leeds, cast is Gloria Stuart, Michael Whalen, Leon Ames, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1938, title is Jezebel, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Bette Davis, Henry Fonda, George Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Joy of Living, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Irene Dunne, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Guy Kibbee, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1938, title is Judge Hardy's Children, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Mickey Rooney, Lewis Stone, Fay Holden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Kentucky, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Loretta Young, Walter Brennan, Richard Greene, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1938, title is Kentucky Moonshine, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, Robert H. Planck, cast is The Ritz Brothers, Marjorie Weaver, Tony Martin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Kidnapped, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, Alfred L. Werker, cast is Warner Baxter, Freddie Bartholomew, Reginald Owen, genre is adventure. Release year is 1938, title is King of Alcatraz, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Robert Preston, J. Carrol Naish, genre is drama, action. Release year is 1938, title is The Lady Objects, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Gloria Stuart, Lanny Ross, Joan Marsh, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is The Law West of Tombstone, ethnicity is American, director is Glenn Tyron, cast is Tim Holt, Harry Carey, Paul Guilfoyle, genre is western. Release year is 1938, title is Little Miss Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Shirley Temple, Jimmy Durante, Edna May Oliver, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1938, title is Little Tough Guy, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Young, cast is Huntz Hall, Helen Parrish, Robert Wilcox, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1938, title is Lord Jeff, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Freddie Bartholomew, Mickey Rooney, Charles Coburn, genre is comedy, crime. Release year is 1938, title is Love Finds Andy Hardy, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, Lewis Stone, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1938, title is Mad About Music, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Deanna Durbin, Herbert Marshall, William Frawley, genre is drama, music. Release year is 1938, title is The Mad Miss Manton, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Henry Fonda, Sam Levene, genre is mystery comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Man-Proof, ethnicity is American, director is Karl Freund, cast is Myrna Loy, Rosalind Russell, Walter Pidgeon, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is A Man to Remember, ethnicity is American, director is Garson Kanin, cast is Anne Shirley, Edward Ellis, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Marie Antoinette, ethnicity is American, director is Julien Duvivier, W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Norma Shearer, Tyrone Power, John Barrymore, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1938, title is Men Are Such Fools, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Priscilla Lane, Humphrey Bogart, Wayne Morris, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is Men with Wings, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Fred MacMurray, Ray Milland, Louise Campbell, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1938, title is Merrily We Live, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, Eddie Moran, cast is Constance Bennett, Billie Burke, Brian Aherne, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Midnight Intruder, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Louis Hayward, Eric Linden, Barbara Read, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1938, title is Mother Carey's Chickens, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Anne Shirley, Ruby Keeler, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Mr. Moto's Gamble, ethnicity is American, director is James Tinling, cast is Peter Lorre, Keye Luke, Douglas Fowley, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1938, title is Mr. Wong, Detective, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Boris Karloff, Evelyn Brent, Grant Withers, genre is drama, mystery. Release year is 1938, title is My Bill, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Kay Francis, Dickie Moore, Bonita Granville, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is My Lucky Star, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Sonja Henie, Cesar Romero, Richard Greene, genre is comedy, romance. Release year is 1938, title is The Mysterious Rider, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Douglass Dumbrille, Sidney Toler, genre is western. Release year is 1938, title is Next Time I Marry, ethnicity is American, director is Garson Kanin, cast is Lucille Ball, James Ellison, Mantan Moreland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Of Human Hearts, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Walter Huston, James Stewart, John Carradine, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is The Old Barn Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, Roy Rogers, genre is western. Release year is 1938, title is The Painted Stallion, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Hoot Gibson, Jack Perrin, LeRoy Mason, genre is western. Release year is 1938, title is Partners of the Plains, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is William Boyd, Russell Hayden, Gwen Gaze, genre is western. Release year is 1938, title is The Patient in Room 18, ethnicity is American, director is Crane Wilbur, cast is Ann Sheridan, Patric Knowles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Penitentiary, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Walter Connolly, Jean Parker, John Howard, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Port of Seven Seas, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Wallace Beery, Maureen O'Sullivan, Frank Morgan, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is Prison Break, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Barton MacLane, Glenda Farrell, Ward Bond, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Professor Beware, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Harold Lloyd, Phyllis Welch, Lionel Stander, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is The Rage of Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Danielle Darrieux, Douglas Fairbanks Jr, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Shirley Temple, Randolph Scott, Helen Westley, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is Red River Range, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is John Wayne, Ray Corrigan, Max Terhune, genre is western. Release year is 1938, title is Rich Man, Poor Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Reinhold Schunzel, cast is Lew Ayres, Robert Young, Lana Turner, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is Room Service, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is The Marx Brothers, Lucille Ball, Ann Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is The Saint in New York, ethnicity is American, director is Ben Holmes, cast is Louis Hayward, Kay Sutton, Jack Carson, genre is drama, crime. Release year is 1938, title is Service de Luxe, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Constance Bennett, Vincent Price, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is The Shining Hour, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Joan Crawford, Margaret Sullavan, Melvyn Douglas, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is The Shopworn Angel, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is James Stewart, Margaret Sullavan, Walter Pidgeon, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1938, title is Sing You Sinners, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Bing Crosby, Fred MacMurray, Ellen Drew, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Sinners in Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Bruce Cabot, Marion Martin, Gene Lockhart, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is The Sisters, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Bette Davis, Errol Flynn, Anita Louise, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Sky Giant, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Joan Fontaine, Richard Dix, Harry Carey, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1938, title is A Slight Case of Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Jane Bryan, John Litel, genre is comedy, crime. Release year is 1938, title is Spawn of the North, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is George Raft, Henry Fonda, Dorothy Lamour, genre is adventure. Release year is 1938, title is Stablemates, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Wallace Beery, Mickey Rooney, Arthur Hohl, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Stolen Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Gene Raymond, Glenda Farrell, Lewis Stone, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Suez, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Tyrone Power, Loretta Young, Annabella, genre is historical. Release year is 1938, title is Sweethearts, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Nelson Eddy, Frank Morgan, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1938, title is Swing Your Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Frank McHugh, Humphrey Bogart, Penny Singleton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Swing!, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Micheaux, cast is Cora Green, Alec Lovejoy, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1938, title is The Terror of Tiny Town, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Billy Curtis, Yvonne Moray, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Test Pilot, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, Howard Hawks, cast is Clark Gable, Myrna Loy, Spencer Tracy, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is That Certain Age, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Deanna Durbin, Melvyn Douglas, Jackie Cooper, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1938, title is There's Always a Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Joan Blondell, Melvyn Douglas, Mary Astor, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1938, title is Three Blind Mice, ethnicity is American, director is Raymond Griffith, William A. Seiter, cast is Loretta Young, Joel McCrea, David Niven, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Tip-Off Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Mary Carlisle, Lloyd Nolan, Roscoe Karns, genre is crime. Release year is 1938, title is Too Hot to Handle, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Clark Gable, Myrna Loy, Walter Pidgeon, genre is comedy, adventure. Release year is 1938, title is The Toy Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Luise Rainer, Melvyn Douglas, H. B. Warner, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Trade Winds, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Joan Bennett, Fredric March, Ann Sothern, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Up the River, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Preston Foster, Arthur Treacher, Phyllis Brooks, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Valley of the Giants, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Claire Trevor, Wayne Morris, Charles Bickford, genre is drama, adventure. Release year is 1938, title is Vivacious Lady, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is James Stewart, Ginger Rogers, Beulah Bondi, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Walking Down Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Claire Trevor, Leah Ray, Phyllis Brooks, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is Where the West Begins, ethnicity is American, director is J. P. McGowan, cast is Jack Randall, Fuzzy Knight, Luana Walters, genre is western. Release year is 1938, title is White Banners, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Claude Rains, Fay Bainter, Jackie Cooper, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is Who Killed Gail Preston?, ethnicity is American, director is Leon Barsha, cast is Don Terry, Rita Hayworth, and Robert Paige, genre is crime. Release year is 1938, title is Wives Under Suspicion, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Warren William, Gail Patrick, Constance Moore, genre is crime. Release year is 1938, title is Woman Against Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Robert B. Sinclair, cast is Herbert Marshall, Virginia Bruce, Mary Astor, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1938, title is A Yank at Oxford, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Robert Taylor, Maureen O'Sullivan, Vivien Leigh, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1938, title is You and Me, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Sylvia Sidney, George Raft, Barton MacLane, genre is crime, film noir. Release year is 1938, title is You Can't Take It with You, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is James Stewart, Jean Arthur, Lionel Barrymore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1938, title is Young Dr. Kildare, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Lew Ayres, Lionel Barrymore, Emma Dunn, genre is drama. Release year is 1938, title is The Young in Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Janet Gaynor, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Billie Burke, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1939, title is 6,000 Enemies, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Walter Pidgeon, Rita Johnson, Paul Kelly, Nat Pendleton, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, Ida Lupino, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is All Women Have Secrets, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Virginia Dale, Joseph Allen, Jeanne Cagney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Allegheny Uprising, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Claire Trevor, John Wayne, George Sanders, Brian Donlevy, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Almost a Gentleman, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is James Ellison, June Clayworth, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Ambush, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Gladys Swarthout, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Andy Hardy Gets Spring Fever, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Lewis Stone, Mickey Rooney, Cecilia Parker, Fay Holden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Angels Wash Their Faces, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Ann Sheridan, Ronald Reagan, Billy Halop, Bernard Punsly, Leo Gorcey, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Another Thin Man, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, Virginia Grey, Otto Kruger, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is The Arizona Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Roy Rogers, George 'Gabby' Hayes, Sally March, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Arizona Legion, ethnicity is American, director is David Howard, cast is George O'Brien, Laraine Day, Carlyle Moore, Jr., Chill Wills, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is The Arizona Wildcat, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert I. Leeds, cast is Jane Withers, Leo Carrillo, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Arrest Bulldog Drummond, ethnicity is American, director is James P. Hogan, cast is John Howard, Heather Angel, H. B. Warner, Reginald Denny, genre is adventure. Release year is 1939, title is At the Circus, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Marx Brothers, Kenny Baker, Florence Rice, Eve Arden, Margaret Dumont, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Babes in Arms, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, Charles Winninger, Guy Kibbee, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is Bachelor Mother, ethnicity is American, director is Garson Kanin, cast is Ginger Rogers, David Niven, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Back Door to Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is William K. Howard, cast is Wallace Ford, Aline MacMahon, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Bad Lands, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Robert Barrat, Douglas Walton, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Balalaika, ethnicity is American, director is Reinhold Schünzel, cast is Nelson Eddy, Ilona Massey, Charles Ruggles, Frank Morgan, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is Barricade, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Alice Faye, Warner Baxter, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Beau Geste, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Gary Cooper, Ray Milland, Robert Preston, Brian Donlevy, Susan Hayward, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Big Guy, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Victor McLaglen, Jackie Cooper, Ona Munson, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Big Town Czar, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Barton MacLane, Tom Brown, Eve Arden, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Blackmail, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Ruth Hussey, Gene Lockhart, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1939, title is Blind Alley, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Chester Morris, Ralph Bellamy, Ann Dvorak, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Blondie Meets the Boss, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Blue Montana Skies, ethnicity is American, director is B. Reeves Eason, cast is Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Boy Slaves, ethnicity is American, director is P. J. Wolfson, cast is Anne Shirley, Roger Daniel, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Boy Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Charles Ruggles, Mary Boland, Donald O'Connor, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Boys' Reformatory, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Frankie Darro, Grant Withers, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Bridal Suite, ethnicity is American, director is Wilhelm Thiele, cast is Annabella, Robert Young, Walter Connolly, Reginald Owen, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Bronze Buckaroo, ethnicity is American, director is Richard C. Kahn, cast is Herb Jeffries, Lucius Brooks, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Buck Rogers, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, Saul A. Goodkind, cast is Buster Crabbe, Constance Moore, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1939, title is Bulldog Drummond's Bride, ethnicity is American, director is James P. Hogan, cast is John Howard, Heather Angel, H. B. Warner, Reginald Denny, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Bulldog Drummond's Secret Police, ethnicity is American, director is James P. Hogan, cast is John Howard, Heather Angel, H. B. Warner, Reginald Denny, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Cafe Society, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is Madeleine Carroll, Fred MacMurray, Shirley Ross, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Call a Messenger, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Billy Halop, Huntz Hall, Robert Armstrong, Mary Carlisle, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1939, title is Calling All Curs, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1939, title is Calling Dr. Kildare, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, cast is Lew Ayres, Lionel Barrymore, Laraine Day, Nat Pendleton, Lana Turner, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Captain Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Brian Aherne, Victor McLaglen, Paul Lukas, June Lang, genre is action adventure. Release year is 1939, title is The Cat and the Canary, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Bob Hope, Paulette Goddard, John Beal, Douglass Montgomery, Gale Sondergaard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Charlie Chan at Treasure Island, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Sidney Toler, Victor Sen Yung, Cesar Romero, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Charlie Chan in City in Darkness, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert I. Leeds, cast is Sidney Toler, Lynn Bari, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Charlie Chan in Reno, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Sidney Toler, Ricardo Cortez, Phyllis Brooks, Slim Summerville, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is The Cisco Kid and the Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert I. Leeds, cast is Cesar Romero, Marjorie Weaver, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Coast Guard, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Randolph Scott, Frances Dee, Ralph Bellamy, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Code of the Secret Service, ethnicity is American, director is Noel M. Smith, cast is Ronald Reagan, Rosella Towne, Eddie Foy, Jr., Moroni Olsen, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Code of the Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Young, cast is Harry Carey, Frankie Thomas, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Colorado Sunset, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Gene Autry, June Storey, Patsy Montana, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Confessions of a Nazi Spy, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Francis Lederer, George Sanders, Paul Lukas, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Conspiracy, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Allan Lane, Linda Hayes, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Cowboy Quarterback, ethnicity is American, director is Noel M. Smith, cast is Bert Wheeler, Marie Wilson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Dancing Co-Ed, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Lana Turner, Richard Carlson, Artie Shaw, Ann Rutherford, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Dark Victory, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Bette Davis, George Brent, Humphrey Bogart, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Ronald Reagan, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Daughter of the Tong, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard B. Ray, cast is Evelyn Brent, Grant Withers, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Daughters Courageous, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is John Garfield, Claude Rains, Fay Bainter, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Day the Bookies Wept, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Betty Grable, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Destry Rides Again, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Marlene Dietrich, James Stewart, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Devil's Island, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Boris Karloff, James Stephenson, genre is suspense. Release year is 1939, title is Dick Tracy's G-Men, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Ralph Byrd, Jennifer Jones, genre is serial. Release year is 1939, title is Disbarred, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Gail Patrick, Robert Preston, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Disputed Passage, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Akim Tamiroff, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Dodge City, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Ann Sheridan, Bruce Cabot, Frank McHugh, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Drums Along the Mohawk, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Claudette Colbert, Henry Fonda, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is A Ducking They Did Go, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1939, title is Dust Be My Destiny, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is John Garfield, Priscilla Lane, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Each Dawn I Die, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is James Cagney, George Raft, Jane Bryan, genre is gangster. Release year is 1939, title is Escape to Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Kent Taylor, Joyce Compton, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Espionage Agent, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Joel McCrea, Brenda Marshall, George Bancroft, genre is spy drama. Release year is 1939, title is Eternally Yours, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Loretta Young, David Niven, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Everything Happens at Night, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Sonja Henie, Ray Milland, Robert Cummings, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Exile Express, ethnicity is American, director is Otis Garrett, cast is Anna Sten, Alan Marshal, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Everybody's Hobby, ethnicity is American, director is William McGann, cast is Irene Rich, Jackie Moran, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Fast and Furious, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Ann Sothern, Franchot Tone, genre is comedy mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Fast and Loose, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Robert Montgomery, Rosalind Russell, genre is comedy mystery. Release year is 1939, title is 5th Ave Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Ginger Rogers, Walter Connolly, Verree Teasdale, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is First Love, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Deanna Durbin, Robert Stack, Eugene Pallette, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is First Offenders, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Beverly Roberts, Walter Abel, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Five Came Back, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Chester Morris, Lucille Ball, Wendy Barrie, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1939, title is Fixer Dugan, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Lee Tracy, Peggy Shannon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Flying Deuces, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Jean Parker, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Flying Irishman, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is Douglas Corrigan, genre is biographical. Release year is 1939, title is Four Wives, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Priscilla Lane, Rosemary Lane, Lola Lane, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Frontier Marshal, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Randolph Scott, Nancy Kelly, Cesar Romero, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is The Great Commandment, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Albert Dekker, John Beal, genre is biblical. Release year is 1939, title is Gone with the Wind, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Clark Gable, Vivien Leigh, Leslie Howard, Olivia de Havilland, Hattie McDaniel, Butterfly McQueen, genre is epic drama. Release year is 1939, title is Good Girls Go to Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Melvyn Douglas, Joan Blondell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Gorilla, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Ritz Brothers, Anita Louise, Patsy Kelly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Great Man Votes, ethnicity is American, director is Garson Kanin, cast is John Barrymore, Virginia Weidler, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Gulliver's Travels, ethnicity is American, director is Dave Fleischer, cast is Pinto Colvig, Jack Mercer, genre is animated. Release year is 1939, title is Gunga Din, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Cary Grant, Victor McLaglen, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Sam Jaffe, genre is adventure. Release year is 1939, title is The Hardys Ride High, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Mickey Rooney, Lewis Stone, Fay Holden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Hawaiian Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Constance Moore, Johnny Downs, genre is romance. Release year is 1939, title is Heaven with a Barbed Wire Fence, ethnicity is American, director is Ricardo Cortez, cast is Glenn Ford, Jean Rogers, Ward Bond, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Hell's Kitchen, ethnicity is American, director is Ewald André Dupont, Lewis Seiler, cast is Dead End Kids, Billy Halop, Bobby Jordan, Leo Gorcey, Ronald Reagan, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Heroes in Blue, ethnicity is American, director is William Watson, cast is Dick Purcell, Bernadene Hayes, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Honeymoon in Bali, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is Madeleine Carroll, Fred MacMurray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Honolulu, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Eleanor Powell, Burns and Allen, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is Hotel for Women, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Ann Sothern, Linda Darnell, James Ellison, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Hound of the Baskervilles, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, Richard Greene, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is The Housekeeper's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Joan Bennett, John Hubbard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Hunchback of Notre Dame, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Charles Laughton, Maureen O'Hara, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Ice Follies of 1939, ethnicity is American, director is Reinhold Schünzel, cast is Joan Crawford, James Stewart, Lew Ayres, Lewis Stone, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is Idiot's Delight, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Norma Shearer, Clark Gable, Edward Arnold, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is I'm from Missouri, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore Reed, cast is Bob Burns, Gladys George, Patricia Morison, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is In Name Only, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Carole Lombard, Cary Grant, Kay Francis, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Indianapolis Speedway, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Pat O'Brien, Ann Sheridan, John Payne, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Intermezzo: A Love Story, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Leslie Howard, Ingrid Bergman, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1939, title is Invisible Stripes, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is George Raft, Jane Bryan, William Holden, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Invitation to Happiness, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Irene Dunne, Fred MacMurray, Charlie Ruggles, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is I Stole a Million, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is George Raft, Claire Trevor, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is It's a Wonderful World, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Claudette Colbert, James Stewart, Guy Kibbee, Nat Pendleton, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Jesse James, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Tyrone Power, Henry Fonda, Nancy Kelly, Randolph Scott, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is The Jones Family in Hollywood, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Spring Byington, June Carlson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Juarez, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Paul Muni, Bette Davis, Brian Aherne, Claude Rains, genre is bio-pic. Release year is 1939, title is Judge Hardy and Son, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Mickey Rooney, Lewis Stone, Fay Holden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Kid from Kokomo, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Pat O'Brien, Wayne Morris, Joan Blondell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Kid from Texas, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Florence Rice, Jessie Ralph, Buddy Ebsen, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is King of the Turf, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Adolphe Menjou, Dolores Costello, Roger Daniel, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is King of the Underworld, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Kay Francis, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Lady of the Tropics, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Robert Taylor, Hedy Lamarr, Joseph Schildkraut, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Lady's from Kentucky, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is George Raft, Ellen Drew, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Law of the Pampas, ethnicity is American, director is Nate Watt, cast is William Boyd, Steffi Duna, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Let Freedom Ring, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Nelson Eddy, Virginia Bruce, Victor McLaglen, Lionel Barrymore, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is Let Us Live, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Maureen O'Sullivan, Henry Fonda, Ralph Bellamy, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1939, title is The Light That Failed, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Ronald Colman, Walter Huston, Ida Lupino, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Little Princess, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Shirley Temple, Richard Greene, Anita Louise, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Lone Wolf Spy Hunt, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Warren William, Ida Lupino, Rita Hayworth, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Love Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Irene Dunne, Charles Boyer, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Lucky Night, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Myrna Loy, Robert Taylor, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Made for Each Other, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is James Stewart, Carole Lombard, Charles Coburn, genre is romance. Release year is 1939, title is The Magnificent Fraud, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Akim Tamiroff, Patricia Morison, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Man in the Iron Mask, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Louis Hayward, Joan Bennett, Warren William, genre is adventure. Release year is 1939, title is Man of Conquest, ethnicity is American, director is George Nicholls, Jr., cast is Richard Dix, Gail Patrick, Joan Fontaine, genre is biography. Release year is 1939, title is The Marshal of Mesa City, ethnicity is American, director is David Howard, cast is George O'Brien, Virginia Vale, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Mexicali Rose, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Claudette Colbert, Don Ameche, John Barrymore, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Missing Daughters, ethnicity is American, director is Charles C. Coleman, cast is Richard Arlen, Rochelle Hudson, Marian Marsh, Isabel Jewell, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1939, title is Mr. Moto in Danger Island, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert I. Leeds, cast is Peter Lorre, Jean Hersholt, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Peter Lorre, Joseph Schildkraut, Virginia Field, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is James Stewart, Jean Arthur, Claude Rains, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is My Son Is Guilty, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Bruce Cabot, Glenn Ford, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Mysterious Miss X, ethnicity is American, director is Gus Meins, cast is Mary Hart, genre is suspense. Release year is 1939, title is The Mystery of Mr. Wong, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Boris Karloff, Grant Withers, Dorothy Tree, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Bonita Granville, John Litel, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Nancy Drew... Reporter, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Bonita Granville, John Litel, Frankie Thomas, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Naughty but Nice, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Dick Powell, Ann Sheridan, Gale Page, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Never Say Die, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Martha Raye, Bob Hope, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Nick Carter, Master Detective, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Walter Pidgeon, Rita Johnson, Henry Hull, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is The Night of Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Pat O'Brien, Olympe Bradna, Roland Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Ninotchka, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Greta Garbo, Melvyn Douglas, Ina Claire, Bela Lugosi, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Of Mice and Men, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Burgess Meredith, Betty Field, Lon Chaney, Jr., genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Oily to Bed, Oily to Rise, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1939, title is The Oklahoma Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is James Cagney, Humphrey Bogart, Rosemary Lane, Donald Crisp, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is The Old Maid, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Bette Davis, Miriam Hopkins, George Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is On Borrowed Time, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Cedric Hardwicke, Beulah Bondi, Una Merkel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is On Dress Parade, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is The Dead End Kids, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Only Angels Have Wings, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Cary Grant, Jean Arthur, Richard Barthelmess, Rita Hayworth, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Oregon Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Johnny Mack Brown, Louise Stanley, genre is serial. Release year is 1939, title is The Outsider, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Stein, cast is Mary Maguire, George Sanders, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Outside These Walls, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Dolores Costello, Virginia Weidler, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Pacific Liner, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Victor McLaglen, Wendy Barrie, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Panama Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is Lucille Ball, Allan Lane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Paris Honeymoon, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Bing Crosby, Shirley Ross, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is Private Detective, ethnicity is American, director is Noel M. Smith, cast is Jane Wyman, Dick Foran, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Bette Davis, Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Donald Crisp, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1939, title is Raffles, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is David Niven, Olivia De Havilland, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Rains Came, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Tyrone Power, Myrna Loy, George Brent, Nigel Bruce, Brenda Joyce, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Real Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Gary Cooper, David Niven, Andrea Leeds, genre is adventure drama. Release year is 1939, title is Remember?, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Robert Taylor, Greer Garson, Lew Ayres, Billie Burke, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Reno, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Gail Patrick, Anita Louise, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Return of Doctor X, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Wayne Morris, Rosemary Lane, Humphrey Bogart, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1939, title is Rio, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Basil Rathbone, Robert Cummings, Sigrid Gurie, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Roaring Twenties, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is James Cagney, Priscilla Lane, Humphrey Bogart, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1939, title is Rose of Washington Square, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Alice Faye, Tyrone Power, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Saint in London, ethnicity is American, director is John Paddy Carstairs, cast is George Sanders, Sally Gray, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is The Saint Strikes Back, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is George Sanders, Wendy Barrie, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Saved by the Belle, ethnicity is American, director is Charley Chase, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1939, title is Second Fiddle, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Sonja Henie, Tyrone Power, Rudy Vallée, genre is musical romance. Release year is 1939, title is The Secret of Dr. Kildare, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, cast is Lew Ayres, Lionel Barrymore, Lionel Atwill, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Secret Service of the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Noel M. Smith, cast is Ronald Reagan, John Litel, Ila Rhodes, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1939, title is She Married a Cop, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Jean Parker, Phil Regan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Silver on the Sage, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is William Boyd, George 'Gabby' Hayes, Russell Hayden, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Smashing the Money Ring, ethnicity is American, director is Terry Morse, cast is Ronald Reagan, Margot Stevenson, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is The Son of Frankenstein, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Bela Lugosi, Boris Karloff, genre is horror. Release year is 1939, title is Sorority House, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Anne Shirley, James Ellison, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Stagecoach, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Claire Trevor, Berton Churchill, Thomas Mitchell, John Carradine, Tim Holt, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Stand Up and Fight, ethnicity is American, director is W.S. Van Dyke, cast is Wallace Beery, Robert Taylor, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Stanley and Livingstone, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, Otto Brower, cast is Spencer Tracy, Nancy Kelly, Richard Greene, genre is historical drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Star Maker, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Bing Crosby, Louise Campbell, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Edna May Oliver, Walter Brennan, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is Stronger Than Desire, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is Virginia Bruce, Walter Pidgeon, Lee Bowman, Rita Johnson, Ann Dvorak, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Sudden Money, ethnicity is American, director is Nick Grinde, cast is Charles Ruggles, Marjorie Rambeau, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Swanee River, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Don Ameche, Andrea Leeds, genre is biopic. Release year is 1939, title is Sweepstakes Winner, ethnicity is American, director is William C. McGann, cast is Marie Wilson, Johnnie Davis, Allen Jenkins, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Tail Spin, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Alice Faye, Constance Bennett, Nancy Kelly, genre is adventure. Release year is 1939, title is Tarzan Finds a Son!, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Maureen O'Sullivan, Johnny Sheffield, genre is action adventure. Release year is 1939, title is Television Spy, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Judith Barrett, William Henry, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Tell No Tales, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is Melvyn Douglas, Louise Platt, Gene Lockhart, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is These Glamour Girls, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Lew Ayres, Lana Turner, Tom Brown, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is They All Come Out, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Rita Johnson, Tom Neal, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is They Made Me a Criminal, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is John Garfield, Dead End Kids, Claude Rains, Ann Sheridan, May Robson, Gloria Dickson, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is They Shall Have Music, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Jascha Heifetz, Joel McCrea, Andrea Leeds, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is Three Little Sew and Sews, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1939, title is Three Sappy People, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1939, title is Three Smart Girls Grow Up, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Deanna Durbin, Nan Grey, Helen Parrish, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Three Sons, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is Edward Ellis, Katharine Alexander, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Thunder Afloat, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Wallace Beery, Chester Morris, Virginia Grey, Douglass Dumbrille, genre is war. Release year is 1939, title is Torchy Blane in Chinatown, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Glenda Farrell, Barton MacLane, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Torchy Blane... Playing with Dynamite, ethnicity is American, director is Noel Smith, cast is Jane Wyman, Allen Jenkins, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Torchy Runs for Mayor, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Glenda Farrell, Barton MacLane, genre is mystery. Release year is 1939, title is Tower of London, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Basil Rathbone, Boris Karloff, Barbara O'Neil, genre is historical. Release year is 1939, title is Trouble in Sundown, ethnicity is American, director is David Howard, cast is George O'Brien, Rosalind Keith, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Undercover Doctor, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Janice Logan, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Union Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Joel McCrea, Akim Tamiroff, genre is western. Release year is 1939, title is Unmarried, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Helen Twelvetrees, Donald O'Connor, Buck Jones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Waterfront, ethnicity is American, director is Terry O. Morse, cast is Gloria Dickson, Dennis Morgan, Marie Wilson, Sheila Bromley, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Way Down South, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Bobby Breen, Alan Mowbray, Steffi Duna, genre is musical. Release year is 1939, title is We Want Our Mummy, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1939, title is What a Life, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore Reed, cast is Jackie Cooper, Betty Field, Janice Logan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is When Tomorrow Comes, ethnicity is American, director is John Stahl, cast is Irene Dunne, Charles Boyer, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Wife, Husband and Friend, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Loretta Young, Warner Baxter, Binnie Barnes, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Wings of the Navy, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is George Brent, Olivia de Havilland, John Payne, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Winner Take All, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Brower, cast is Tony Martin, Gloria Stuart, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is The Wizard of Oz, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Judy Garland, Frank Morgan, Ray Bolger, Jack Haley, Bert Lahr, Billie Burke, Charley Grapewin, Margaret Hamilton, genre is musical fantasy. Release year is 1939, title is The Women, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Norma Shearer, Joan Crawford, Rosalind Russell, Paulette Goddard, Joan Fontaine, Mary Boland, Ruth Hussey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Women in the Wind, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Kay Francis, William Gargan, Victor Jory, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Wuthering Heights, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Merle Oberon, Laurence Olivier, David Niven, Flora Robson, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1939, title is Yes, We Have No Bonanza, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1939, title is You Can't Cheat an Honest Man, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is W. C. Fields, Edgar Bergen, Charlie McCarthy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is You Can't Get Away with Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Gale Page, Billy Halop, John Litel, genre is crime. Release year is 1939, title is Young Mr. Lincoln, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Henry Fonda, Alice Brady, genre is bio-pic. Release year is 1939, title is Zaza, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Claudette Colbert, Herbert Marshall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is Zenobia, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Oliver Hardy, Harry Langdon, Billie Burke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1939, title is The Zero Hour, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Frieda Inescort, Otto Kruger, genre is drama. Release year is 1939, title is Zorro's Fighting Legion, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Reed Hadley, Sheila Darcy, genre is serial. Release year is 1940, title is Abe Lincoln in Illinois, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Raymond Massey, Gene Lockhart, Ruth Gordon, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1940, title is Adventure in Diamonds, ethnicity is American, director is George Fitzmaurice, cast is George Brent, Isa Miranda, John Loder, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is All This, and Heaven Too, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Bette Davis, Charles Boyer, Jeffrey Lynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Always a Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Noel M. Smith, cast is Rosemary Lane, George Reeves, John Eldredge, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is And One Was Beautiful, ethnicity is American, director is Robert B. Sinclair, cast is Robert Cummings, Laraine Day, Jean Muir, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1940, title is Andy Hardy Meets Debutante, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Lewis Stone, Mickey Rooney, Cecilia Parker, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is An Angel from Texas, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Eddie Albert, Rosemary Lane, Wayne Morris, Jane Wyman, Ronald Reagan, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Angels Over Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Ben Hecht, Lee Garmes, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Rita Hayworth, Thomas Mitchell, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Anne of Windy Poplars, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is Anne Shirley, James Ellison, Henry Travers, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Ape, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Boris Karloff, Maris Wrixon, genre is horror. Release year is 1940, title is Argentine Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is The Ritz Brothers, The Andrews Sisters, Constance Moore, George Reeves, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Arise, My Love, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Claudette Colbert, Ray Milland, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Arizona, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Jean Arthur, William Holden, Warren William, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is The Bank Dick, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is W. C. Fields, Cora Witherspoon, Una Merkel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Barnyard Follies, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Mary Lee, Harry Cheshire, Rufe Davis, June Storey, Isabel Randolph, genre is musical. Release year is 1940, title is Before I Hang, ethnicity is American, director is Nick Grinde, cast is Boris Karloff, Evelyn Keyes, Bruce Bennett, genre is crime, sci-fi. Release year is 1940, title is Behind the News, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Doris Davenport, Frank Albertson, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Beyond Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Jean Parker, Harry Carey, C. Aubrey Smith, Charles Winninger, Richard Carlson, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1940, title is A Bill of Divorcement, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Adolphe Menjou, Fay Bainter, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Billy the Kid's Gun Justice, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Bob Steele, Al St. John, Louise Currie, Carleton Young, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Bitter Sweet, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Nelson Eddy, George Sanders, genre is musical. Release year is 1940, title is Black Friday, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, Stanley Ridges, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1940, title is Blondie Has Servant Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Blondie Plays Cupid, ethnicity is American, director is Frank R. Strayer, cast is Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Blue Bird, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Shirley Temple, Spring Byington, Nigel Bruce, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1940, title is Boom Town, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Clark Gable, Spencer Tracy, Claudette Colbert, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Boss of Bullion City, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Taylor, cast is Johnny Mack Brown, Maria Montez, Nell O'Day, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Boys of the City, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Bobby Jordan, Leo Gorcey, Hal E. Chester, genre is comedy thriller. Release year is 1940, title is Brigham Young, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, Dean Jagger, genre is biography. Release year is 1940, title is British Intelligence, ethnicity is American, director is Terry O. Morse, cast is Boris Karloff, Margaret Lindsay, Bruce Lester, genre is war spy. Release year is 1940, title is Broadway Melody of 1940, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Fred Astaire, Eleanor Powell, George Murphy, genre is musical. Release year is 1940, title is Broken Strings, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard B. Ray, cast is Clarence Muse, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Brother Orchid, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Humphrey Bogart, Ann Sothern, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Brother Rat and a Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Priscilla Lane, Wayne Morris, Jane Bryan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Cafe Hostess, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Preston Foster, Ann Dvorak, Douglas Fowley, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Carolina Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, June Storey, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is The Carson City Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Roy Rogers, Bob Steele, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Chad Hanna, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Henry Fonda, Dorothy Lamour, Linda Darnell, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1940, title is Charlie Chan at the Wax Museum, ethnicity is American, director is Lynn Shores, cast is Sidney Toler, Victor Sen Yung, C. Henry Gordon, Marguerite Chapman, genre is mystery. Release year is 1940, title is Charlie Chan in Panama, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Sidney Toler, Jean Rogers, Lionel Atwill, genre is mystery. Release year is 1940, title is Charlie Chan's Murder Cruise, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Sidney Toler, Marjorie Weaver, Lionel Atwill, genre is mystery. Release year is 1940, title is Charter Pilot, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Lynn Bari, Arleen Whelan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Chasing Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Frankie Darro, Marjorie Reynolds, Mantan Moreland, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1940, title is Christmas in July, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Dick Powell, Ellen Drew, Raymond Walburn, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1940, title is A Chump at Oxford, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred J. Goulding, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Forrester Harvey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is City for Conquest, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, Jean Negulesco, cast is James Cagney, Ann Sheridan, Frank Craven, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Colorado, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Roy Rogers, George "Gabby" Hayes, Pauline Moore, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Comrade X, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Clark Gable, Hedy Lamarr, Oskar Homolka, genre is comedy spy. Release year is 1940, title is Congo Maisie, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Ann Sothern, John Carroll, Rita Johnson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Cross-Country Romance, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Woodruff, cast is Gene Raymond, Wendy Barrie, Hedda Hopper, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Dance, Girl, Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Arzner, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Louis Hayward, Lucille Ball, genre is musical. Release year is 1940, title is Dark Command, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Claire Trevor, John Wayne, Walter Pidgeon, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Deadwood Dick, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Horne, cast is Don Douglas, Lorna Gray, Harry Harvey, Marin Sais, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Diamond Frontier, ethnicity is American, director is Harold D. Schuster, cast is Victor McLaglen, John Loder, Anne Nagel, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is A Dispatch from Reuter's, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Edna Best, Eddie Albert, genre is biography. Release year is 1940, title is Dr. Christian Meets the Women, ethnicity is American, director is William McGann, cast is Jean Hersholt, Veda Ann Borg, genre is mystery. Release year is 1940, title is Dr. Cyclops, ethnicity is American, director is Ernest B. Schoedsack, cast is Albert Dekker, Thomas Coley, Janice Logan, genre is science fiction horror. Release year is 1940, title is Dr. Ehrlich's Magic Bullet, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Ruth Gordon, Otto Kruger, genre is biography. Release year is 1940, title is Dr. Kildare's Crisis, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, cast is Lew Ayres, Laraine Day, Robert Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Dreaming Out Loud, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Young, cast is Lum and Abner, Frances Langford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Dulcy, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Ann Sothern, Roland Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Earl of Chicago, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Robert Montgomery, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Earthbound, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Andrea Leeds, Warner Baxter, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is East of the River, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is John Garfield, Marjorie Rambeau, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is East Side Kids, ethnicity is American, director is Robert F. Hill, cast is Leon Ames, Dennis Moore, Joyce Bryant, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Edison, the Man, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Spencer Tracy, Rita Johnson, Lynne Overman, genre is biographical. Release year is 1940, title is Elmer's Candid Camera, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Mel Blanc, Arthur Q. Bryan, genre is animated. Release year is 1940, title is Escape, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Norma Shearer, Robert Taylor, Conrad Veidt, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Fargo Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Killy, cast is Tim Holt, Ray Whitley, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Father Is a Prince, ethnicity is American, director is Noel Smith, cast is John Litel, Jan Clayton, George Reeves, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Fight for Life, ethnicity is American, director is Pare Lorentz, cast is Myron McCormick, Will Geer, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Fighting 69th, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is James Cagney, Pat O'Brien, George Brent, genre is war. Release year is 1940, title is Flight Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Virginia Bruce, Jane Wyman, Ralph Bellamy, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Flight Command, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Robert Taylor, Ruth Hussey, Walter Pidgeon, genre is war. Release year is 1940, title is Florian, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Robert Young, Charles Coburn, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Flowing Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is John Garfield, Frances Farmer, Pat O'Brien, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Foreign Correspondent, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Joel McCrea, Laraine Day, Herbert Marshall, genre is spy thriller. Release year is 1940, title is Forgotten Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Louise Platt, Donald Woods, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Forty Little Mothers, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Eddie Cantor, Judith Anderson, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Four Sons, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Don Ameche, Eugenie Leontovich, Mary Beth Hughes, genre is drama war. Release year is 1940, title is Free, Blonde and 21, ethnicity is American, director is Ricardo Cortez, cast is Lynn Bari, Joan Davis, Mary Beth Hughes, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is From Nurse to Worse, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1940, title is A Fugitive from Justice, ethnicity is American, director is Terry O. Morse, cast is Roger Pryor, Lucile Fairbanks, Eddie Foy, Jr., genre is crime drama. Release year is 1940, title is Gambling on the High Seas, ethnicity is American, director is George Amy, cast is Wayne Morris, Jane Wyman, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Gangs of Chicago, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Lola Lane, genre is crime. Release year is 1940, title is Gaucho Serenade, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Gene Autry, June Storey, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is The Ghost Breakers, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Bob Hope, Paulette Goddard, Richard Carlson, Anthony Quinn, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Ghost Comes Home, ethnicity is American, director is Wilhelm Thiele, cast is Frank Morgan, Billie Burke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Girl from Havana, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Claire Carleton, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Give Us Wings, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Billy Halop, Huntz Hall, Gabriel Dell, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is The Golden Fleecing, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is Lew Ayres, Rita Johnson, Lloyd Nolan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Golden Gloves, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Richard Denning, Jeanne Cagney, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Gold Rush Maisie, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Ann Sothern, Lee Bowman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Go West, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Marx Brothers, John Carroll, Diana Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Granny Get Your Gun, ethnicity is American, director is George Amy, cast is May Robson, Margot Stevenson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Grapes of Wrath, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Henry Fonda, Jane Darwell, John Carradine, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Great Dictator, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charles Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Jack Oakie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Great McGinty, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Brian Donlevy, Muriel Angelus, Akim Tamiroff, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Green Archer, ethnicity is American, director is James Horne, cast is Victor Jory, Iris Meredith, genre is serial. Release year is 1940, title is Green Hell, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Joan Bennett, John Howard, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Half a Sinner, ethnicity is American, director is Al Christie, cast is Heather Angel, John King, genre is mystery. Release year is 1940, title is He Married His Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Joel McCrea, Nancy Kelly, Roland Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Her First Romance, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Edith Fellows, Alan Ladd, genre is musical. Release year is 1940, title is High School, ethnicity is American, director is George Nicholls, Jr., cast is Jane Withers, Lloyd Corrigan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Hired Wife, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Rosalind Russell, Brian Aherne, Virginia Bruce, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is His Girl Friday, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Cary Grant, Rosalind Russell, Ralph Bellamy, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Hit Parade of 1941, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Kenny Baker, Frances Langford, Hugh Herbert, Ann Miller, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Hold That Woman!, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Frances Gifford, James Dunn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The House Across the Bay, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is George Raft, Joan Bennett, Lloyd Nolan, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1940, title is The House of the Seven Gables, ethnicity is American, director is Joe May, cast is George Sanders, Margaret Lindsay, Nan Grey, Vincent Price, Dick Foran, genre is thriller. Release year is 1940, title is How High Is Up?, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1940, title is The Howards of Virginia, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Cary Grant, Martha Scott, Cedric Hardwicke, genre is period drama. Release year is 1940, title is Hullabaloo, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Frank Morgan, Virginia Grey, Dan Dailey, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Ice-Capades, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is James Ellison, Renie Riano, Phil Silvers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is I Love You Again, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1940, title is I Take This Oath, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Joyce Compton, Gordon Jones, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is I Take This Woman, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Spencer Tracy, Hedy Lamarr, Laraine Day, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is I Want a Divorce, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Joan Blondell, Dick Powell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is If I Had My Way, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Bing Crosby, Gloria Jean, genre is musical. Release year is 1940, title is I'm Nobody's Sweetheart Now, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Helen Parrish, Constance Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is I'm Still Alive, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is Kent Taylor, Linda Hayes, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Invisible Man Returns, ethnicity is American, director is Joe May, cast is Cedric Hardwicke, Vincent Price, Nan Grey, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1940, title is The Invisible Woman, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Virginia Bruce, John Barrymore, John Howard, genre is science fiction comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Irene, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Wilcox, cast is Anna Neagle, Ray Milland, Roland Young, genre is musical. Release year is 1940, title is It All Came True, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Ann Sheridan, Jeffrey Lynn, Humphrey Bogart, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is It's a Date, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Deanna Durbin, Kay Francis, Walter Pidgeon, genre is musical. Release year is 1940, title is I Was an Adventuress, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Vera Zorina, Richard Greene, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Johnny Apollo, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Tyrone Power, Dorothy Lamour, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1940, title is King of the Royal Mounted, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, John English, cast is Allan Lane, genre is adventure serial. Release year is 1940, title is Kitty Foyle, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Ginger Rogers, Dennis Morgan, James Craig, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Knute Rockne, All American, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Pat O'Brien, Ronald Reagan, genre is biographical. Release year is 1940, title is Laddie, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is Tim Holt, Virginia Gilmore, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Lady in Question, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Glenn Ford, Rita Hayworth, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Lady with Red Hair, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Claude Rains, Richard Ainley, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Letter, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Bette Davis, Herbert Marshall, James Stephenson, genre is film noir. Release year is 1940, title is The Light That Failed, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is Ronald Colman, Walter Huston, Ida Lupino, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Lillian Russell, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Alice Faye, Don Ameche, Henry Fonda, genre is biographical. Release year is 1940, title is Little Men, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Kay Francis, Jack Oakie, Ann Gillis, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Little Nellie Kelly, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Judy Garland, George Murphy, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Little Old New York, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Fred MacMurray, Alice Faye, Brenda Joyce, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Lone Wolf Meets a Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Warren William, Jean Muir, genre is mystery. Release year is 1940, title is The Long Voyage Home, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Thomas Mitchell, Ian Hunter, genre is war drama. Release year is 1940, title is Love Thy Neighbor, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Jack Benny, Fred Allen, Mary Martin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Lucky Cisco Kid, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Cesar Romero, Mary Beth Hughes, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Lucky Partners, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Ronald Colman, Ginger Rogers, Jack Carson, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Maisie Was a Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Ann Sothern, Lew Ayres, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Man I Married, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Joan Bennett, Francis Lederer, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Marines Fly High, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, George Nicholls, Jr., cast is Richard Dix, Chester Morris, Lucille Ball, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is The Mark of Zorro, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, Basil Rathbone, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Marked Men, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Warren Hull, Isabel Jewell, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Married and in Love, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Barbara Read, Helen Vinson, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Maryland, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Walter Brennan, Fay Bainter, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Meet the Wildcat, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Ralph Bellamy, Margaret Lindsay, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Melody and Moonlight, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Jane Frazee, Johnny Downs, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Melody Ranch, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Gene Autry, Jimmy Durante, Ann Miller, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is The Milky Way, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolf Ising, cast is Bernice Hansen, genre is animated short. Release year is 1940, title is Millionaire Playboy, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Joe Penner, Russ Brown, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Millionaires in Prison, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Lee Tracy, Linda Hayes, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Misbehaving Husbands, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Betty Blythe, Harry Langdon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Mortal Storm, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is James Stewart, Margaret Sullavan, Robert Young, Frank Morgan, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Mummy's Hand, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Dick Foran, Peggy Moran, genre is horror. Release year is 1940, title is Murder in the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Ronald Reagan, John Litel, Lya Lys, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Murder Over New York, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, cast is Sidney Toler, Ricardo Cortez, Marjorie Weaver, genre is mystery. Release year is 1940, title is My Favorite Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Garson Kanin, cast is Irene Dunne, Cary Grant, Randolph Scott, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1940, title is My Little Chickadee, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Mae West, W. C. Fields, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is My Love Came Back, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Jeffrey Lynn, Jane Wyman, genre is romance. Release year is 1940, title is Mysterious Doctor Satan, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, John English, cast is Eduardo Ciannelli, genre is serial. Release year is 1940, title is Mystery Sea Raider, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Carole Landis, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is New Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Nelson Eddy, genre is musical drama. Release year is 1940, title is No Census, No Feeling, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1940, title is North West Mounted Police, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Gary Cooper, Madeleine Carroll, Paulette Goddard, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Northwest Passage, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, Jack Conway, W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Spencer Tracy, Robert Young, Walter Brennan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is No Time for Comedy, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is James Stewart, Rosalind Russell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Nutty But Nice, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1940, title is Of Fox and Hounds, ethnicity is American, director is Tex Avery, cast is Willoughby the Dog, genre is animated short. Release year is 1940, title is The Old Swimmin' Hole, ethnicity is American, director is Robert MacGowan, cast is Jackie Moran, Marcia Mae Jones, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is One Million B.C., ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, Jr., Hal Roach, cast is Victor Mature, Carole Landis, Lon Chaney, Jr., genre is fantasy. Release year is 1940, title is Opened by Mistake, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Charles Ruggles, Janice Logan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Patient Porky, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clampett, cast is Porky the Pig, genre is animated short. Release year is 1940, title is Phantom of Chinatown, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Keye Luke, Grant Withers, genre is mystery. Release year is 1940, title is The Philadelphia Story, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Cary Grant, Katharine Hepburn, James Stewart, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Pinocchio, ethnicity is American, director is T. Hee, Wilfred Jackson, Jack Kinney, cast is voices of Cliff Edwards, Evelyn Venable, Mel Blanc, genre is animated. Release year is 1940, title is Pride and Prejudice, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Greer Garson, Laurence Olivier, Edward Ashley, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Primrose Path, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Ginger Rogers, Joel McCrea, Marjorie Rambeau, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Private Affairs, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Nancy Kelly, Roland Young, Robert Cummings, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Quarterback, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Wayne Morris, Virginia Dale, Lillian Cornell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Queen of the Mob, ethnicity is American, director is James P. Hogan, cast is Ralph Bellamy, Blanche Yurka, genre is crime. Release year is 1940, title is Queen of the Yukon, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Charles Bickford, Irene Rich, June Carlson, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Rancho Grande, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Gene Autry, June Storey, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is The Ranger and the Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Roy Rogers, Julie Bishop, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Rangers of Fortune, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Fred MacMurray, Albert Dekker, Patricia Morison, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Rebecca, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine, genre is suspense. Release year is 1940, title is Remember the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Fred MacMurray, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1940, title is Rhythm on the River, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Bing Crosby, Mary Martin, Basil Rathbone, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Ride, Tenderfoot, Ride, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Gene Autry, Mary Lee, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Road to Singapore, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Bob Hope, Bing Crosby, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Rockin' Thru the Rockies, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1940, title is Sailor's Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Nancy Kelly, Jon Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is The Saint Takes Over, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is George Sanders, Wendy Barrie, genre is crime. Release year is 1940, title is The Saint's Double Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is George Sanders, Helene Whitney, genre is crime. Release year is 1940, title is Santa Fe Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Saps at Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Laurel and Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Saturday's Children, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is John Garfield, Anne Shirley, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Sea Hawk, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Errol Flynn, Brenda Marshall, Claude Rains, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Second Chorus, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Fred Astaire, Paulette Goddard, Artie Shaw, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Seven Sinners, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Marlene Dietrich, John Wayne, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is She Couldn't Say No, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Eve Arden, Roger Pryor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Shooting High, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Jane Withers, Gene Autry, Marjorie Weaver, genre is western musical. Release year is 1940, title is The Shop Around the Corner, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch[19], cast is James Stewart, Margaret Sullavan, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Son of Ingagi, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Kahn, cast is Zack Williams, Laura Bowman, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1940, title is The Son of Monte Cristo, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Louis Hayward, Joan Bennett, George Sanders, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Son of the Navy, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Jean Parker, James Dunn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Sporting Blood, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Robert Young, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Spring Parade, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Deanna Durbin, Robert Cummings, Mischa Auer, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1940, title is Star Dust, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Linda Darnell, John Payne, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Stranger on the Third Floor, ethnicity is American, director is Boris Ingster, cast is Peter Lorre, Charles Waldron, genre is film noir. Release year is 1940, title is Strike Up the Band, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, Paul Whiteman and his Orchestra, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Susan and God, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Joan Crawford, Fredric March, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Swiss Family Robinson, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Thomas Mitchell, Edna Best, Freddie Bartholomew, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Tear Gas Squad, ethnicity is American, director is Terry O. Morse, cast is John Payne, Dennis Morgan, genre is crime. Release year is 1940, title is Terry and the Pirates, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Horne, cast is William Tracy, Sheila Darcy, genre is serial. Release year is 1940, title is Texas Rangers Ride Again, ethnicity is American, director is James Hogan, cast is Ellen Drew, John Howard, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is That Gang of Mine, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Leo Gorcey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is They Drive by Night, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is George Raft, Humphrey Bogart, Ida Lupino, Ann Sheridan, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is They Knew What They Wanted, ethnicity is American, director is Garson Kanin, cast is Carole Lombard, Charles Laughton, William Gargan, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Third Finger, Left Hand, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Myrna Loy, Melvyn Douglas, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Those Were the Days!, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore Reed, cast is William Holden, Bonita Granville, Judith Barrett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Three Faces West, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Vorhaus, cast is John Wayne, Sigrid Gurie, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is 'Til We Meet Again, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Merle Oberon, Pat O'Brien, Geraldine Fitzgerald, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Too Many Girls, ethnicity is American, director is George Abbott, cast is Lucille Ball, Frances Langford, Desi Arnaz, genre is musical. Release year is 1940, title is Torrid Zone, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is James Cagney, Ann Sheridan, Pat O'Brien, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Trail of the Vigilantes, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Franchot Tone, Warren William, Broderick Crawford, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Tugboat Annie Sails Again, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Marjorie Rambeau, Jane Wyman, Ronald Reagan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Turnabout, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Adolphe Menjou, Carole Landis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Two Girls on Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Lana Turner, Joan Blondell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Typhoon, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Robert Preston, Lynne Overman, genre is adventure. Release year is 1940, title is Untamed, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Patricia Morison, Ray Milland, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Up in the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Marjorie Reynolds, Frankie Darrow, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Vigil in the Night, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Carole Lombard, Brian Aherne, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1940, title is Virginia City, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Errol Flynn, Miriam Hopkins, Randolph Scott, Humphrey Bogart, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Wagons Westward, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Anita Louise, Chester Morris, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Waterloo Bridge, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Vivien Leigh, Robert Taylor, Lucile Watson, genre is war drama. Release year is 1940, title is The Westerner, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Gary Cooper, Walter Brennan, Doris Davenport, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is When the Daltons Rode, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Randolph Scott, Kay Francis, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Who Killed Aunt Maggie?, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Wendy Barrie, Mona Barrie, John Hubbard, genre is mystery. Release year is 1940, title is A Wild Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Tex Avery, cast is Mel Blanc, Arthur Q. Bryan, genre is animated short. Release year is 1940, title is Winners of the West, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, Ray Taylor, cast is Dick Foran, Anne Nagel, genre is western serial. Release year is 1940, title is Women in War, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Elsie Janis, Wendy Barrie, Patric Knowles, genre is war drama. Release year is 1940, title is You Can't Fool Your Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Lucille Ball, James Ellison, genre is comedy. Release year is 1940, title is Young Bill Hickok, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Roy Rogers, Sally Payne, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Young Buffalo Bill, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Roy Rogers, Pauline Moore, genre is western. Release year is 1940, title is Young People, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Shirley Temple, Jack Oakie, Charlotte Greenwood, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Young Tom Edison, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Mickey Rooney, Fay Bainter, George Bancroft, genre is biography. Release year is 1940, title is You're Not So Tough, ethnicity is American, director is Joe May, cast is Billy Halop, Huntz Hall, Bobby Jordan, genre is drama. Release year is 1940, title is Yukon Flight, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Staub, cast is Louise Stanley, James Newill, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is An Ache in Every Stake, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1941, title is Adam Had Four Sons, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Ingrid Bergman, Warner Baxter, Susan Hayward, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Adventures of Captain Marvel, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, John English, cast is Tom Tyler, Frank Coghlan, Jr., Louise Currie, genre is serial. Release year is 1941, title is Affectionately Yours, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Merle Oberon, Rita Hayworth, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is All-American Co-Ed, ethnicity is American, director is LeRoy Prinz, cast is Frances Langford, Johnny Downs, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is All the World's a Stooge, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1941, title is All This and Rabbit Stew, ethnicity is American, director is Tex Avery, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animation. Release year is 1941, title is All Through the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Kaaren Verne, Conrad Veidt, Jane Darwell, genre is mystery, comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Aloma of the South Seas, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Jon Hall, genre is adventure. Release year is 1941, title is Andy Hardy's Private Secretary, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Lewis Stone, Mickey Rooney, Kathryn Grayson, genre is family. Release year is 1941, title is Arizona Bound, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Bennet, cast is Buck Jones, Tim McCoy, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Arkansas Judge, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Roy Rogers, Veda Ann Borg, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Back Street, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Charles Boyer, Margaret Sullavan, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Bad Man, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Wallace Beery, Lionel Barrymore, Laraine Day, Ronald Reagan, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Bad Men of Missouri, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Jane Wyman, Dennis Morgan, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Bahama Passage, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Griffith, cast is Sterling Hayden, Madeleine Carroll, genre is adventure. Release year is 1941, title is Ball of Fire, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Gary Cooper, Barbara Stanwyck, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Barnacle Bill, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Wallace Beery, Marjorie Main, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Bedtime Story, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Loretta Young, Fredric March, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Belle Starr, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Gene Tierney, Randolph Scott, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is The Big Store, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Marx Brothers, Tony Martin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Billy the Kid, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Robert Taylor, Brian Donlevy, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Birth of the Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Bing Crosby, Mary Martin, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is Blood and Sand, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, Rita Hayworth, Alla Nazimova, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Blood of Jesus, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Williams, cast is Cathryn Caviness, Spencer Williams, genre is race. Release year is 1941, title is Blues in the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Priscilla Lane, Betty Field, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is Bombay Clipper, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is William Gargan, Irene Hervey, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Bowery Blitzkrieg, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is The East Side Kids, Keye Luke, Warren Hull, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Bride Came C.O.D., ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is James Cagney, Bette Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Broadway Limited, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Victor McLaglen, Patsy Kelly, ZaSu Pitts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Buck Privates, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Bullets for O'Hara, ethnicity is American, director is William Howard, cast is Joan Perry, Anthony Quinn, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is Buy Me That Town, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Constance Moore, Lloyd Nolan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Cadet Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Carole Landis, George Montgomery, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Case of the Black Parrot, ethnicity is American, director is Noel M. Smith, cast is William Lundigan, Maris Wrixon, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Caught in the Draft, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Bob Hope, Dorothy Lamour, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Charlie Chan in Rio, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, cast is Sidney Toler, Victor Sen Yung, Kay Linaker, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Cheers for Miss Bishop, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Martha Scott, William Gargan, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Chocolate Soldier, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Nelson Eddy, Risë Stevens, Nigel Bruce, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is Citizen Kane, ethnicity is American, director is Orson Welles, cast is Orson Welles, Joseph Cotten, Everett Sloane, Paul Stewart, Dorothy Comingore, Agnes Moorehead, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is City of Missing Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Elmer Clifton, cast is Astrid Allwyn, H. B. Warner, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is Come Live With Me, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is James Stewart, Hedy Lamarr, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Confessions of Boston Blackie, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Chester Morris, Harriet Hilliard, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Confirm or Deny, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Don Ameche, Joan Bennett, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Corsican Brothers, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Ruth Warrick, Akim Tamiroff, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1941, title is Dangerously They Live, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is John Garfield, Nancy Coleman, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Dead Men Tell, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, cast is Sidney Toler, Sheila Ryan, genre is charlie chan. Release year is 1941, title is Design for Scandal, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Rosalind Russell, Walter Pidgeon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Desperate Cargo, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Ralph Byrd, Julie Duncan, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Devil and Daniel Webster, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Edward Arnold, Walter Huston, James Craig, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1941, title is The Devil and Miss Jones, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Jean Arthur, Charles Coburn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Devil Commands, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Boris Karloff, Amanda Duff, genre is horror. Release year is 1941, title is The Devil Pays Off, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Osa Massen, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Dive Bomber, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Errol Flynn, Fred MacMurray, genre is war drama. Release year is 1941, title is Doctors Don't Tell, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Florence Rice, John Beal, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Double Cross, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Kelley, cast is Kane Richmond, Wynne Gibson, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is Down in San Diego, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Sinclair, cast is Bonita Granville, Dan Dailey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Down Mexico Way, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Gene Autry, Fay McKenzie, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Spencer Tracy, Ingrid Bergman, Lana Turner, genre is horror. Release year is 1941, title is Dr. Kildare's Wedding Day, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, cast is Lew Ayres, Laraine Day, Red Skelton, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Dressed to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene J. Forde, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Mary Beth Hughes, Sheila Ryan, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Dumbo, ethnicity is American, director is Ben Sharpsteen, cast is Edward Brophy, Herman Bing, genre is animated. Release year is 1941, title is Dutiful But Dumb, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1941, title is Elmer's Pet Rabbit, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Elmer Fudd, Bugs Bunny, genre is cartoon. Release year is 1941, title is The Face Behind the Mask, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Peter Lorre, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is The Feminine Touch, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Rosalind Russell, Don Ameche, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Fiesta, ethnicity is American, director is LeRoy Prinz, cast is Ann Ayars, Armida, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is The Flame of New Orleans, ethnicity is American, director is René Clair, cast is Marlene Dietrich, Mischa Auer, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Flying Blind, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Jean Parker, Richard Arlen, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Flying Wild, ethnicity is American, director is William West, cast is Leo Gorcey, David Gorcey, genre is aviation. Release year is 1941, title is Footsteps in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Errol Flynn, Brenda Marshall, Ralph Bellamy, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Forced Landing, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Wiles, cast is Richard Arlen, Eva Gabor, J. Carrol Naish, Nils Asther, Evelyn Brent, genre is action. Release year is 1941, title is Free and Easy, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Robert Cummings, Ruth Hussey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Gang's All Here, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Frankie Darro, Mantan Moreland, Robert Homans, genre is action comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Gay Falcon, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is George Sanders, Wendy Barrie, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Glamour Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Jackie Cooper, Susanna Foster, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Golden Hoofs, ethnicity is American, director is Lynn Shores, cast is Jane Withers, Buddy Rogers, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Go West, Young Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Strayer, cast is Ann Miller, Glenn Ford, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Great Guns, ethnicity is American, director is Monty Banks, cast is Laurel and Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Great Awakening, ethnicity is American, director is Reinhold Schunzel, cast is Ilona Massey, Alan Curtis, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Great Lie, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Mary Astor, Bette Davis, George Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Green Hornet Strikes Again, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, John Rawlins, cast is Warren Hull, Keye Luke, genre is serial. Release year is 1941, title is H. M. Pulham, Esq., ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Robert Young, Hedy Lamarr, Ruth Hussey, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Hard-Boiled Canary, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Susanna Foster, Allan Jones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Hard Guy, ethnicity is American, director is Elmer Clifton, cast is Jack LaRue, Mary Healy, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is Harvard, Here I Come, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Maxie Rosenbloom, Arline Judge, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Heckling Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Tex Avery, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1941, title is Hellzapoppin', ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Ole Olsen, Chic Johnson, Martha Raye, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Henry Aldrich for President, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh Bennett, cast is Jimmy Lydon, Mary Anderson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Here Comes Mr. Jordan, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Robert Montgomery, Evelyn Keyes, Claude Rains, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Hiawatha's Rabbit Hunt, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animation. Release year is 1941, title is High Sierra, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Ida Lupino, Humphrey Bogart, Joan Leslie, Arthur Kennedy, Cornel Wilde, genre is film noir. Release year is 1941, title is Hit the Road, ethnicity is American, director is Joe May, cast is Gladys George, Barton MacLane, Dead End Kids, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Hold Back the Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Charles Boyer, Olivia de Havilland, Paulette Goddard, genre is romance. Release year is 1941, title is Hold That Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Honky Tonk, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Clark Gable, Lana Turner, Claire Trevor, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Honolulu Lu, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Lupe Velez, Bruce Bennett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Horror Island, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is Dick Foran, Peggy Moran, genre is suspense. Release year is 1941, title is How Green Was My Valley, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Walter Pidgeon, Maureen O'Hara, Roddy McDowall, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Hudson's Bay, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Paul Muni, Gene Tierney, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is I Killed That Man, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Ricardo Cortez, Joan Woodbury, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is I Wake Up Screaming, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Betty Grable, Victor Mature, Carole Landis, genre is film noir. Release year is 1941, title is I Wanted Wings, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Ray Milland, William Holden, Brian Donlevy, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is I'll Never Heil Again, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1941, title is I'll Wait for You, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Sinclair, cast is Robert Sterling, Marsha Hunt, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is In the Navy, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Abbott and Costello, Dick Powell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is In the Sweet Pie and Pie, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1941, title is International Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Whelan, cast is George Brent, Ilona Massey, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is International Squadron, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Ronald Reagan, Olympe Bradna, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Invisible Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Bela Lugosi, Polly Ann Young, genre is horror. Release year is 1941, title is It Started with Eve, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Deanna Durbin, Charles Laughton, Robert Cummings, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is Johnny Eager, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Robert Taylor, Lana Turner, Edward Arnold, genre is film noir. Release year is 1941, title is Jungle Girl, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, John English, cast is Frances Gifford, genre is serial. Release year is 1941, title is Jungle Man, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Fraser, cast is Buster Crabbe, Sheila Darcy, genre is serial. Release year is 1941, title is Kathleen, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Bucquet, cast is Shirley Temple, Gail Patrick, Laraine Day, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Keep 'Em Flying, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Abbott and Costello, Martha Raye, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is King of the Zombies, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Dick Purcell, Joan Woodbury, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Kiss the Boys Goodbye, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Mary Martin, Don Ameche, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Kisses for Breakfast, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Jane Wyatt, Shirley Ross, Dennis Morgan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Lady Be Good, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Eleanor Powell, Ann Sothern, Robert Young, Virginia O'Brien, Red Skelton, Phil Silvers, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is The Lady Eve, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Henry Fonda, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Lady from Louisiana, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Vorhaus, cast is John Wayne, Ona Munson, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Lady Scarface, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Woodruff, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Mildred Coles, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is Let's Make Music, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Jean Rogers, Bob Crosby, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is Life Begins for Andy Hardy, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Lewis Stone, Mickey Rooney, Fay Holden, genre is family. Release year is 1941, title is Life with Henry, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore Reed, cast is Jackie Cooper, Eddie Bracken, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Little Foxes, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Bette Davis, Herbert Marshall, Teresa Wright, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Lone Wolf Keeps a Date, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Joseph Spence, cast is Warren William, Frances Robinson, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Look Who's Laughing, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Edgar Bergen, Lucille Ball, Jim Jordan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Lydia, ethnicity is American, director is Julien Duvivier, cast is Merle Oberon, Joseph Cotton, Edna May Oliver, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Maltese Falcon, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Mary Astor, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, Elisha Cook, Jr., Ward Bond, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is A Man Betrayed, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is John Wayne, Frances Dee, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Man Hunt, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Walter Pidgeon, Joan Bennett, Roddy McDowall, George Sanders, genre is thriller. Release year is 1941, title is Man Made Monster, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Lionel Atwill, genre is horror. Release year is 1941, title is Manpower, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Marlene Dietrich, George Raft, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Man Who Lost Himself, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Brian Aherne, Kay Francis, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Medico of Painted Springs, ethnicity is American, director is Lambert Hillyer, cast is Charles Starrett, Terry Walker, Ben Taggart, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Meet Boston Blackie, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Chester Morris, Rochelle Hudson, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Meet John Doe, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Gary Cooper, Barbara Stanwyck, Walter Brennan, genre is dramatic comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Meet the Chump, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Hugh Herbert, Jeanne Kelly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Men of Boys Town, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Mercy Island, ethnicity is American, director is William Morgan, cast is Gloria Dickson, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Million Dollar Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Ronald Reagan, Priscilla Lane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Monster and the Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Ellen Drew, Robert Paige, Paul Lukas, genre is horror. Release year is 1941, title is Moonlight in Hawaii, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Jane Frazee, Johnny Downs, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is Mr. & Mrs. Smith, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Carole Lombard, Robert Montgomery, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Mr. District Attorney, ethnicity is American, director is William Morgan, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Florence Rice, Peter Lorre, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Murder by Invitation, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Wallace Ford, Marian Marsh, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is My Life with Caroline, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Ronald Colman, Anna Lee, Charles Winninger, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Navy Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Ann Sheridan, Martha Raye, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Never Give a Sucker an Even Break, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Cline, cast is W. C. Fields, Gloria Jean, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is New York Town, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Fred MacMurray, Mary Martin, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Niagara Falls, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Tom Brown, ZaSu Pitts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Nice Girl?, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Deanna Durbin, Franchot Tone, Walter Brennan, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is The Night of January 16th, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Robert Preston, Ellen Drew, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is Nine Lives Are Not Enough, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Ronald Reagan, Joan Perry, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is No Hands on the Clock, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Jean Parker, Chester Morris, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is The Nurse's Secret, ethnicity is American, director is Noel Smith, cast is Lee Patrick, Julie Bishop, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is One Foot in Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Fredric March, Martha Scott, Beulah Bondi, Gene Lockhart, genre is bio-pic. Release year is 1941, title is Out of the Fog, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Ida Lupino, John Garfield, Eddie Albert, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Pacific Blackout, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Robert Preston, Martha O'Driscoll, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is Pantry Panic, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lantz, cast is Woody Woodpecker, genre is animated. Release year is 1941, title is Paper Bullets, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Joan Woodbury, Jack La Rue, Alan Ladd, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1941, title is Parachute Battalion, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Robert Preston, Nancy Kelly, Edmond O'Brien, Harry Carey, Buddy Ebsen, genre is war. Release year is 1941, title is Paris Calling, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Elisabeth Bergner, Randolph Scott, Basil Rathbone, genre is film noir. Release year is 1941, title is The Penalty, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Edward Arnold, Marsha Hunt, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Penny Serenade, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Irene Dunne, Cary Grant, Beulah Bondi, Edgar Buchanan, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1941, title is The People vs. Dr. Kildare, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, cast is Lew Ayres, Laraine Day, Bonita Granville, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Petticoat Politics, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Ruth Donnelly, Roscoe Karns, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Pittsburgh Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Townley, cast is Billy Conn, Jean Parker, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Play Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Woodruff, cast is Kay Francis, Mildred Coles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Playmates, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Kay Kyser, Lupe Velez, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Pot o' Gold, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is James Stewart, Paulette Goddard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Power Dive, ethnicity is American, director is James Hogan, cast is Richard Arlen, Helen Mack, genre is war. Release year is 1941, title is Rage in Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Robert Montgomery, Ingrid Bergman, Oskar Homolka, George Sanders, genre is thriller. Release year is 1941, title is Reaching for the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Joel McCrea, Ellen Drew, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Remember the Day, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Claudette Colbert, John Payne, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Ridin' on a Rainbow, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Gene Autry, Mary Lee, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Ringside Maisie, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Ann Sothern, George Murphy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Road Show, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Roach, cast is Carole Landis, Adolphe Menjou, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Road to Zanzibar, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Schertzinger, cast is Bob Hope, Bing Crosby, Dorothy Lamour, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Roar of the Press, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Jean Parker, Wallace Ford, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is Romance of the Rio Grande, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert I. Leeds, cast is Cesar Romero, Patricia Morison, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is The Round Up, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Richard Dix, Patricia Morison, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Sailors on Leave, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Shirley Ross, William Lundigan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Saint in Palm Springs, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is George Sanders, Wendy Barrie, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1941, title is The Saint's Vacation, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is Hugh Sinclair, Leueen MacGrath, genre is action adventure. Release year is 1941, title is Scotland Yard, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Nancy Kelly, Edmund Gwenn, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is Sea Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Dead End Kids, Little Tough Guys, genre is serial. Release year is 1941, title is The Sea Wolf, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Ida Lupino, John Garfield, genre is adventure. Release year is 1941, title is Sergeant York, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Gary Cooper, Walter Brennan, Joan Leslie, genre is war, biography. Release year is 1941, title is Shadow of the Thin Man, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, genre is mystery. Release year is 1941, title is The Shanghai Gesture, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is Gene Tierney, Walter Huston, Victor Mature, genre is thriller. Release year is 1941, title is She Knew All the Answers, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Joan Bennett, Franchot Tone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Shining Victory, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is James Stephenson, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Donald Crisp, genre is suspense. Release year is 1941, title is A Shot in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is William McCann, cast is William Lundigan, Nan Wynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Sierra Sue, ethnicity is American, director is William Morgan, cast is Gene Autry, Fay McKenzie, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Sing Another Chorus, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Jane Frazee, Johnny Downs, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is The Singing Hill, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Gene Autry, Mary Lee, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Six Gun Gold, ethnicity is American, director is David Howard, cast is Tim Holt, Fern Emmett, Eddy Waller, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is Six Lessons from Madame La Zonga, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Lupe Velez, Leon Errol, Helen Parrish, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Sky Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Donald Woods, genre is serial. Release year is 1941, title is Skylark, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Claudette Colbert, Ray Milland, Brian Aherne, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Smiling Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Alexis Smith, Wayne Morris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is So Ends Our Night, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Fredric March, Margaret Sullavan, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is So Long Mr. Chumps, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Some More of Samoa, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Steel Against the Sky, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Alexis Smith, Lloyd Nolan, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Strange Alibi, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Arthur Kennedy, Joan Perry, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Sullivan's Travels, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Joel McCrea, Veronica Lake, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Sun Valley Serenade, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Sonja Henie, Lynn Bari, John Payne, Milton Berle, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is Suspicion, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Cary Grant, Joan Fontaine, Nigel Bruce, Cedric Hardwicke, Dame May Whitty, Leo G. Carroll, genre is thriller. Release year is 1941, title is Swamp Water, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Renoir, cast is Walter Brennan, Walter Huston, Anne Baxter, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Tall, Dark and Handsome, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Cesar Romero, Virginia Gilmore, Milton Berle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Texas, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is William Holden, Glenn Ford, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is That Hamilton Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Korda, cast is Vivian Leigh, Laurence Olivier, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is That Night in Rio, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Don Ameche, Alice Faye, Carmen Miranda, genre is musical. Release year is 1941, title is That Uncertain Feeling, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Merle Oberon, Melvyn Douglas, Burgess Meredith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is They Dare Not Love, ethnicity is American, director is James Whale, cast is Martha Scott, George Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is They Died with Their Boots On, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is They Met in Argentina, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is Maureen O'Hara, James Ellison, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is They Met in Bombay, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Clark Gable, Rosalind Russell, Peter Lorre, genre is adventure. Release year is 1941, title is This Woman is Mine, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Franchot Tone, Carol Bruce, Nigel Bruce, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Three Girls About Town, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is Joan Blondell, Janet Blair, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Tight Shoes, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is John Howard, Broderick Crawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Time Out for Rhythm, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Rudy Vallée, Ann Miller, Three Stooges, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Tom, Dick and Harry, ethnicity is American, director is Garson Kanin, cast is Ginger Rogers, George Murphy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Tortoise Beats Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Tex Avery, cast is Bugs Bunny, Cecil Turtle, genre is animation. Release year is 1941, title is The Trial of Mary Dugan, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Laraine Day, Robert Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Two-Faced Woman, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Greta Garbo, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Uncle Joe, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Railsback, cast is Gale Storm, ZaSu Pitts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Under Age, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Nan Grey, Mary Anderson, genre is crime. Release year is 1941, title is Unfinished Business, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory La Cava, cast is Irene Dunne, Robert Montgomery, genre is comedy. Release year is 1941, title is Virginia, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is Madeleine Carroll, Fred MacMurray, Sterling Hayden, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Wagons Roll at Night, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Eddie Albert, Joan Leslie, Sylvia Sidney, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Washington Melodrama, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Ann Rutherford, Frank Morgan, Dan Dailey, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is We Go Fast, ethnicity is American, director is William McGann, cast is Alan Curtis, Lynn Bari, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is Western Union, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Randolph Scott, Robert Young, genre is western. Release year is 1941, title is White Eagle, ethnicity is American, director is James Horne, cast is Buck Jones, Dorothy Fay, genre is serial. Release year is 1941, title is Wild Geese Calling, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Henry Fonda, Joan Bennett, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is The Wolf Man, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Claude Rains, Ralph Bellamy, Bela Lugosi, Maria Ouspenskaya, genre is horror. Release year is 1941, title is A Woman's Face, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Joan Crawford, Melvyn Douglas, Conrad Veidt, genre is drama. Release year is 1941, title is A Yank in the RAF, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Tyrone Power, Betty Grable, genre is war, romance. Release year is 1941, title is You Belong to Me, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Henry Fonda, Ruth Donnelly, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1941, title is You'll Never Get Rich, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Fred Astaire, Rita Hayworth, Robert Benchley, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1942, title is A-Haunting We Will Go, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Dante the Magician, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Across the Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Mary Astor, Sydney Greenstreet, Charles Halton, genre is thriller. Release year is 1942, title is The Adventures of Martin Eden, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Glenn Ford, Claire Trevor, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is The Adventures of Smilin' Jack, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Tom Brown, Rose Hobart, Marjorie Lord, genre is serial. Release year is 1942, title is The Affairs of Jimmy Valentine, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Vorhaus, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Ruth Terry, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is The Affairs of Martha, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Marsha Hunt, Richard Carlson, genre is romance. Release year is 1942, title is Alias Boston Blackie, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Chester Morris, Adele Mara, George E. Stone, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1942, title is Always in My Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Jo Graham, cast is Kay Francis, Walter Huston, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is American Empire, ethnicity is American, director is William C. McGann, cast is Richard Dix, Leo Carrillo, Preston Foster, Frances Gifford, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Andy Hardy's Double Life, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Lewis Stone, Mickey Rooney, Fay Holden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Apache Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Donna Reed, Ann Ayars, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Arabian Nights, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Maria Montez, Jon Hall, Sabu, Leif Erickson, Billy Gilbert, Turhan Bey, Shemp Howard, genre is adventure. Release year is 1942, title is Army Surgeon, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Jane Wyatt, James Ellison, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is The Bashful Bachelor, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Lum and Abner, ZaSu Pitts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Bells of Capistrano, ethnicity is American, director is William Morgan, cast is Gene Autry, Virginia Grey, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Beyond the Blue Horizon, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Richard Denning, Patricia Morison, genre is adventure. Release year is 1942, title is The Big Street, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is Henry Fonda, Lucille Ball, Barton MacLane, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Billy the Kid Trapped, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Buster Crabbe, Anne Jeffreys, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Black Dragons, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Bela Lugosi, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1942, title is The Black Swan, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Tyrone Power, Maureen O'Hara, genre is adventure. Release year is 1942, title is Blondie Goes to College, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Strayer, cast is Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake, Janet Blair, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Bombs Over Burma, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Anna May Wong, Noel Madison, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is The Boogie Man Will Get You, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Boris Karloff, Peter Lorre, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Born to Sing, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Virginia Weidler, Douglas McPhail, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is Boston Blackie Goes Hollywood, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Chester Morris, Constance Worth, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is Bowery at Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Bela Lugosi, John Archer, genre is horror. Release year is 1942, title is Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Janet Blair, genre is crime musical. Release year is 1942, title is Brooklyn Orchid, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is William Bendix, Grace Bradley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Bugle Sounds, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Wallace Beery, Marjorie Main, Donna Reed, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is Busses Roar, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Richard Travis, Julie Bishop, Eleanor Parker, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1942, title is Cairo, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Robert Young, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is Calling Dr. Gillespie, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Donna Reed, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Call Out the Marines, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Ryan, cast is Victor McLaglen, Edmund Lowe, Binnie Barnes, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Captains of the Clouds, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is James Cagney, Dennis Morgan, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is Careful, Soft Shoulder, ethnicity is American, director is Oliver Garrett, cast is Virginia Bruce, James Ellison, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Casablanca, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Claude Rains, Paul Henreid, Dooley Wilson, Peter Lorre, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1942, title is Castle in the Desert, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, cast is Sidney Toler, Arleen Whelan, genre is charlie chan. Release year is 1942, title is Cat People, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Simone Simon, Kent Smith, Jane Randolph, genre is horror. Release year is 1942, title is China Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Gene Tierney, George Montgomery, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Commandos Strike at Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Paul Muni, Anna Lee, Lillian Gish, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is The Corpse Vanishes, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Bela Lugosi, Luana Walters, genre is horror. Release year is 1942, title is Counter-Espionage, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Warren William, Forrest Tucker, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is The Courtship of Andy Hardy, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Lewis Stone, Mickey Rooney, Cecilia Parker, Donna Reed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Cowboy Serenade, ethnicity is American, director is William Morgan, cast is Gene Autry, Fay McKenzie, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Crossroads, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is William Powell, Hedy Lamarr, Claire Trevor, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is Danger in the Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Collins, cast is Don Terry, Louise Allbritton, genre is spy. Release year is 1942, title is A Date with the Falcon, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is George Sanders, Wendy Barrie, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is Dawn on the Great Divide, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Buck Jones, Mona Barrie, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Desperate Journey, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Errol Flynn, Ronald Reagan, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is Don Winslow of the Navy, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Taylor, cast is Don Terry, genre is serial. Release year is 1942, title is Dr. Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Macdonald Carey, Jean Phillips, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is Dr. Gillespie's New Assistant, ethnicity is American, director is Willis Goldbeck, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Van Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Dr. Kildare's Victory, ethnicity is American, director is W. S. Van Dyke, cast is Lew Ayres, Ann Ayars, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Dr. Renault's Secret, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Lachman, cast is J. Carrol Naish, George Zucco, genre is horror. Release year is 1942, title is Eagle Squadron, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Robert Stack, Diana Barrymore, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is Eyes in the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Edward Arnold, Ann Harding, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is The Falcon's Brother, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Logan, cast is George Sanders, Tom Conway, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is Fine Feathered Friend, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1942, title is Fingers at the Window, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lederer, cast is Lew Ayres, Laraine Day, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is Flight Lieutenant, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Pat O'Brien, Glenn Ford, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Flying Tigers, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is John Wayne, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is Footlight Serenade, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Betty Grable, Victor Mature, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Forest Rangers, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Fred MacMurray, Susan Hayward, Paulette Goddard, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is For Me and My Gal, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Judy Garland, Gene Kelly, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is Fraidy Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1942, title is Freckles Comes Home, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Gale Storm, Johnny Downs, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Friendly Enemies, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Charles Winninger, Charles Ruggles, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Gang Busters, ethnicity is American, director is Noel M. Smith, Ray Taylor, cast is Kent Taylor, Irene Hervey, genre is serial. Release year is 1942, title is The Gay Sisters, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, Geraldine Fitzgerald, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is A Gentleman After Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Brian Donlevy, genre is crime. Release year is 1942, title is A Gentleman at Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Carole Landis, Milton Berle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Gentleman Jim, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Errol Flynn, genre is bio-pic. Release year is 1942, title is George Washington Slept Here, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Jack Benny, Ann Sheridan, Charles Coburn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Get Hep to Love, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Donald O'Connor, Peggy Ryan, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Ghost of Frankenstein, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Bellamy, genre is horror. Release year is 1942, title is Girl Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Harold D. Schuster, cast is Don Ameche, Joan Bennett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Glass Key, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Alan Ladd, Veronica Lake, Brian Donlevy, William Bendix, genre is film noir. Release year is 1942, title is Grand Central Murder, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Van Heflin, Cecilia Parker, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is The Great Man's Lady, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Joel McCrea, Brian Donlevy, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is The Great Impersonation, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Ralph Bellamy, Evelyn Ankers, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Heart of the Rio Grande, ethnicity is American, director is William Morgan, cast is Gene Autry, Fay McKenzie, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Her Cardboard Lover, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Norma Shearer, Robert Taylor, George Sanders, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Here We Go Again, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Jim Jordan, Marian Jordan, Edgar Bergen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Hidden Hand, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Craig Stevens, Elisabeth Fraser, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Holiday Inn, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Bing Crosby, Fred Astaire, Marjorie Reynolds, Virginia Dale, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is Home in Wyomin', ethnicity is American, director is William Morgan, cast is Gene Autry, Fay McKenzie, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is I Live on Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Sam White, cast is Chester Morris, Jean Parker, genre is suspense. Release year is 1942, title is I Married a Witch, ethnicity is American, director is René Clair, cast is Veronica Lake, Fredric March, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1942, title is In This Our Life, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Bette Davis, Olivia de Havilland, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Invisible Agent, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Ilona Massey, Jon Hall, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is Joan of Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Michele Morgan, Paul Henreid, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is Joe Smith, American, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Robert Young, Marsha Hunt, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Johnny Doughboy, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Jane Withers, Ruth Donnelly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Johnny Eager, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Robert Taylor, Lana Turner, genre is film noir. Release year is 1942, title is Journey for Margaret, ethnicity is American, director is W.S. Van Dyke, cast is Robert Young, Laraine Day, Fay Bainter, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Juke Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Ann Sheridan, Ronald Reagan, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Jungle Book, ethnicity is American, director is Zoltan Korda, cast is Sabu, genre is adventure. Release year is 1942, title is Just Off Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert I. Leeds, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Marjorie Weaver, Phil Silvers, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is Kid Glove Killer, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Van Heflin, Marsha Hunt, genre is crime. Release year is 1942, title is King of the Mounties, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Allan Lane, Peggy Drake, genre is action. Release year is 1942, title is Kings Row, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Ann Sheridan, Ronald Reagan, Robert Cummings, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Lady for a Night, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is John Wayne, Joan Blondell, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Lady Gangster, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Faye Emerson, Julie Bishop, genre is crime. Release year is 1942, title is The Lady Has Plans, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Paulette Goddard, Ray Milland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Lady in a Jam, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory LaCava, cast is Irene Dunne, Ralph Bellamy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Lady Is Willing, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Marlene Dietrich, Fred MacMurray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Larceny, Inc., ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Jane Wyman, Broderick Crawford, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Law of the Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Arline Judge, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Let's Get Tough!, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is East Side Kids, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Life Begins at Eight-Thirty, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Ida Lupino, Monty Woolley, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is The Living Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is James Dunn, Joan Woodbury, genre is suspense. Release year is 1942, title is Lucky Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Mantan Moreland, F.E. Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Mad Monster, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is George Zucco, Anne Nagel, genre is horror. Release year is 1942, title is The Magnificent Ambersons, ethnicity is American, director is Orson Welles, cast is Joseph Cotten, Anne Baxter, Dolores Costello, Agnes Moorehead, Tim Holt, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1942, title is The Magnificent Dope, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Henry Fonda, Don Ameche, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Major and the Minor, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Ginger Rogers, Ray Milland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Male Animal, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Henry Fonda, Olivia de Havilland, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Man Who Came to Dinner, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Monty Woolley, Bette Davis, Ann Sheridan, Billie Burke, Mary Wickes, Jimmy Durante, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Man Who Returned to Life, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Lucile Fairbanks, John Howard, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Man with Two Lives, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Edward Norris, Marlo Dwyer, genre is fantasy thriller. Release year is 1942, title is Manila Calling, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert I. Leeds, cast is Carole Landis, Cornel Wilde, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Men of Texas, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Robert Stack, Jackie Cooper, Broderick Crawford, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Mexican Spitfire at Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Lupe Velez, Leon Errol, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Miss Annie Rooney, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Shirley Temple, Dickie Moore, Guy Kibbee, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Moonlight in Havana, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Allan Jones, Jane Frazee, Marjorie Lord, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Moonlight Masquerade, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Jane Frazee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Moon and Sixpence, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Lewin, cast is George Sanders, Herbert Marshall, Elena Verdugo, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Moontide, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Jean Gabin, Ida Lupino, Claude Rains, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Mrs. Miniver, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Greer Garson, Walter Pidgeon, Teresa Wright, genre is war drama. Release year is 1942, title is The Mummy's Tomb, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Young, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Dick Foran, genre is horror. Release year is 1942, title is Murder in the Big House, ethnicity is American, director is B. Reeves Eason, cast is Van Johnson, Faye Emerson, genre is crime. Release year is 1942, title is My Favorite Blonde, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Bob Hope, Madeleine Carroll, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is My Gal Sal, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Rita Hayworth, Victor Mature, Carole Landis, Phil Silvers, genre is musical biopic. Release year is 1942, title is The Mystery of Marie Roget, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Maria Montez, Patric Knowles, genre is suspense. Release year is 1942, title is The Navy Comes Through, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Pat O'Brien, George Murphy, Jane Wyatt, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Nazi Agent, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Conrad Veidt, Ann Ayars, Frank Reicher, genre is spy thriller. Release year is 1942, title is 'Neath Brooklyn Bridge, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is East Side Kids, Ann Gillis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Night in New Orleans, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Patricia Morison, Preston Foster, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Night Plane from Chungking, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Robert Preston, genre is war drama. Release year is 1942, title is A Night to Remember, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Loretta Young, Brian Aherne, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Nightmare, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Whelan, cast is Diana Barrymore, Brian Donlevy, genre is suspense. Release year is 1942, title is Northwest Rangers, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is William Lundigan, Patricia Dane, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Now, Voyager, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Bette Davis, Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Gladys Cooper, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Obliging Young Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Joan Carroll, Ruth Warrick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Once Upon a Honeymoon, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Cary Grant, Ginger Rogers, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1942, title is One Thrilling Night, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Wanda McKay, John Beal, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1942, title is On the Sunny Side, ethnicity is American, director is Harold D. Schuster, cast is Roddy McDowall, Jane Darwell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Overland Mail, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Noah Beery, Jr., Don Terry, genre is serial. Release year is 1942, title is The Palm Beach Story, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Claudette Colbert, Joel McCrea, Mary Astor, Rudy Vallée, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Parachute Nurse, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Marguerite Chapman, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Pardon My Sarong, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Paris Calling, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Basil Rathbone, Randolph Scott, Elisabeth Bergner, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is The Pay Off, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Dreifuss, cast is Lee Tracy, Tom Brown, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1942, title is Perils of Nyoka, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Kay Aldridge, genre is action adventure. Release year is 1942, title is Pierre of the Plains, ethnicity is American, director is George Seitz, cast is Ruth Hussey, Bruce Cabot, Reginald Owen, Evelyn Ankers, genre is adventure. Release year is 1942, title is Pittsburgh, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is John Wayne, Marlene Dietrich, Randolph Scott, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Powder Town, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Victor McLaglen, June Havoc, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Private Buckaroo, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Cline, cast is The Andrews Sisters, Harry James, Joe E. Lewis, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is Random Harvest, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Ronald Colman, Greer Garson, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Reap the Wild Wind, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is John Wayne, Paulette Goddard, Ray Milland, genre is adventure. Release year is 1942, title is The Remarkable Andrew, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is William Holden, Brian Donlevy, Ellen Drew, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1942, title is Reunion in France, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Joan Crawford, John Wayne, Philip Dorn, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Ride 'Em Cowboy, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Right to the Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Brenda Joyce, Stanley Clements, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Rings on Her Fingers, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Henry Fonda, Gene Tierney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Rio Rita, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Road to Happiness, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is John Boles, Mona Barrie, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Road to Morocco, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Bing Crosby, Bob Hope, Dorothy Lamour, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Roxie Hart, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Ginger Rogers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Rubber Racketeers, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Young, cast is Rochelle Hudson, Ricardo Cortez, genre is crime. Release year is 1942, title is Saboteur, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Robert Cummings, Priscilla Lane, Norman Lloyd, genre is film noir. Release year is 1942, title is Seven Days' Leave, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Whelan, cast is Lucille Ball, Victor Mature, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Seven Sweethearts, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Kathryn Grayson, Marsha Hunt, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is Sex Hygiene, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Brower, John Ford, cast is George Reeves, Richard Derr, genre is docudrama. Release year is 1942, title is Sherlock Holmes and the Voice of Terror, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is mystery. Release year is 1942, title is Ship Ahoy, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Eleanor Powell, Red Skelton, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Somewhere I'll Find You, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, cast is Clark Gable, Lana Turner, genre is romance. Release year is 1942, title is Son of Fury: The Story of Benjamin Blake, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Tyrone Power, Gene Tierney, genre is adventure. Release year is 1942, title is Song of the Islands, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Betty Grable, Victor Mature, Jack Oakie, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is So's Your Aunt Emma, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is ZaSu Pitts, Roger Pryor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Spoilers, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is John Wayne, Marlene Dietrich, Randolph Scott, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Springtime in the Rockies, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Betty Grable, John Payne, Cesar Romero, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is Spy Smasher, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Kane Richmond, Marguerite Chapman, genre is spy serial. Release year is 1942, title is Stand By for Action, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Robert Taylor, Walter Brennan, Charles Laughton, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is Star Spangled Rhythm, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Betty Hutton, Eddie Bracken, Victor Moore, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is The Strange Case of Doctor Rx, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Lionel Atwill, Anne Gwynne, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Street of Chance, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is Burgess Meredith, Claire Trevor, genre is crime. Release year is 1942, title is Sundown Jim, ethnicity is American, director is James Tinling, cast is John Kimbrough, Arleen Whelan, Virginia Gilmore, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Sweater Girl, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Eddie Bracken, June Preisser, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is Take a Letter, Darling, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Rosalind Russell, Fred MacMurray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Tales of Manhattan, ethnicity is American, director is Julien Duvivier, cast is Charles Boyer, Rita Hayworth, Ginger Rogers, Henry Fonda, Charles Laughton, Edward G. Robinson, Paul Robeson, genre is drama, comedy; 6 separate stories. Release year is 1942, title is The Talk of the Town, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Cary Grant, Jean Arthur, Ronald Colman, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Tarzan's New York Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1942, title is Ten Gentlemen from West Point, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is George Montgomery, Maureen O'Hara, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Tennessee Johnson, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Van Heflin, Lionel Barrymore, genre is biography. Release year is 1942, title is There's One Born Every Minute, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Young, cast is Hugh Herbert, Peggy Moran, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is They All Kissed the Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Joan Crawford, Melvyn Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is They Raid by Night, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Bennet, cast is Lyle Talbot, June Duprez, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is This Above All, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Tyrone Power, Joan Fontaine, genre is romance. Release year is 1942, title is This Gun for Hire, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Alan Ladd, Veronica Lake, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1942, title is This Time for Keeps, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Ann Rutherford, Robert Sterling, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Thunder Birds, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Gene Tierney, Preston Foster, genre is war. Release year is 1942, title is To Be or Not to Be, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Carole Lombard, Jack Benny, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1942, title is To the Shores of Tripoli, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Maureen O'Hara, John Payne, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1942, title is Tombstone, the Town Too Tough to Die, ethnicity is American, director is William McGann, cast is Richard Dix, Frances Gifford, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Too Many Women, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Ray, cast is June Lang, Joyce Compton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Tortilla Flat, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Spencer Tracy, Hedy Lamarr, John Garfield, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1942, title is Treat 'Em Rough, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Taylor, cast is Eddie Albert, Peggy Moran, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is The Tuttles of Tahiti, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Charles Laughton, Jon Hall, Peggy Drake, genre is adventure. Release year is 1942, title is Twin Beds, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Whelan, cast is Joan Bennett, George Brent, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is The Undying Monster, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is James Ellison, genre is horror. Release year is 1942, title is Wake Island, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Brian Donlevy, Robert Preston, genre is war drama. Release year is 1942, title is The War Against Mrs. Hadley, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Bucquet, cast is Fay Bainter, Edward Arnold, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is We Were Dancing, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Norma Shearer, Melvyn Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Western Mail, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Tansey, cast is Tom Keene, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is West of Tombstone, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Charles Starrett, Marcella Martin, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is What's Cookin'?, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is The Andrews Sisters, Jane Frazee, Gloria Jean, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is White Cargo, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Hedy Lamarr, Walter Pidgeon, Richard Carlson, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1942, title is Who Done It?, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Wild Bill Hickok Rides, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Constance Bennett, Bruce Cabot, genre is western. Release year is 1942, title is Wings for the Eagle, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Ann Sheridan, Dennis Morgan, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Woman of the Year, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1942, title is Wrecking Crew, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Jean Parker, Richard Arlen, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is X Marks the Spot, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Dick Purcell, Anne Jeffreys, genre is drama. Release year is 1942, title is Yankee Doodle Dandy, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is James Cagney, Joan Leslie, Walter Huston, genre is biography. Release year is 1942, title is A Yank in Libya, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Herman, cast is Joan Woodbury, H.B. Warner, genre is spy. Release year is 1942, title is The Yanks Are Coming, ethnicity is American, director is Alexis Thurn-Taxis, cast is Mary Healy, Henry King, genre is musical. Release year is 1942, title is Yokel Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Joan Davis, Albert Dekker, genre is comedy. Release year is 1942, title is You Were Never Lovelier, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Fred Astaire, Rita Hayworth, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1942, title is You're a Sap, Mr. Jap, ethnicity is American, director is Dan Gordon, cast is Popeye cartoon, genre is propaganda short animated short. Release year is 1942, title is Youth on Parade, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is John Hubbard, Ruth Terry, Martha O'Driscoll, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Above Suspicion, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Joan Crawford, Fred MacMurray, Conrad Veidt, genre is spy. Release year is 1943, title is Action in the North Atlantic, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, Raoul Walsh, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Raymond Massey, Alan Hale Sr., genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Adventure in Iraq, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Ruth Ford, John Loder, genre is adventure. Release year is 1943, title is The Adventures of a Rookie, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Wally Brown, Alan Carney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is The Adventures of Smilin' Jack, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Tom Brown, Rose Hobart, Marjorie Lord, Keye Luke, Sidney Toler, genre is serial. Release year is 1943, title is Adventures of the Flying Cadets, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Johnny Downs, Eduardo Ciannelli, genre is serial. Release year is 1943, title is Aerial Gunner, ethnicity is American, director is William H. Pine, cast is Chester Morris, Richard Arlen, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is After Midnight with Boston Blackie, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Chester Morris, Ann Savage, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is Air Force, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is John Garfield, John Ridgely, Gig Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Alaska Highway, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Jean Parker, Richard Arlen, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is The Ape Man, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Bela Lugosi, Louise Currie, Wallace Ford, Henry Hall, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1943, title is Around the World, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Kay Kyser, Mischa Auer, Joan Davis, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Back from the Front, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is Background to Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is George Raft, Brenda Marshall, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is Bar 20, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is William Boyd, Andy Clyde, George Reeves, Robert Mitchum, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is Bataan, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Robert Taylor, George Murphy, Lloyd Nolan, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Batman, ethnicity is American, director is Lambert Hillyer, cast is Lewis Wilson, Douglas Croft, J. Carrol Naish, Shirley Patterson, genre is action. Release year is 1943, title is The Battle of Britain, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Narrated by Walter Huston, genre is documentary. Release year is 1943, title is Best Foot Forward, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Lucille Ball, June Allyson, Gloria DeHaven, Nancy Walker, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Bombardier, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Pat O'Brien, Randolph Scott, Anne Shirley, Eddie Albert, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Bomber's Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Fuhr, cast is George Montgomery, Annabella, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Border Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is William Boyd, Andy Clyde, George Reeves, Robert Mitchum, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is Buckskin Frontier, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Richard Dix, Jane Wyatt, Lee J. Cobb, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is Bullets and Saddles, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Marshall, cast is Ray "Crash" Corrigan, Julie Duncan, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is Cabin in the Sky, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Ethel Waters, Eddie "Rochester" Anderson, Lena Horne, Louis Armstrong, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Captive Wild Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is John Carradine, Milburn Stone, Paula Dupree, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1943, title is The Chance of a Lifetime, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Chester Morris, Erik Rolf, Jeanne Bates, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1943, title is Chetniks! The Fighting Guerrillas, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Anna Sten, Philip Dorn, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is China, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Loretta Young, Alan Ladd, William Bendix, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Cinderella Swings It, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Gloria Warren, Guy Kibbee, Helen Parrish, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is City Without Men, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Linda Darnell, Glenda Farrell, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1943, title is Claudia, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Dorothy McGuire, Robert Young, Ina Claire, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is The Constant Nymph, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Charles Boyer, Joan Fontaine, Peter Lorre, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Corregidor, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Otto Kruger, Elissa Landi, Donald Woods, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Corvette K-225, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rosson, cast is Randolph Scott, Ella Raines, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Crash Dive, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Tyrone Power, Dana Andrews, Anne Baxter, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Crime Doctor, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Warner Baxter, Ray Collins, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is Cry "Havoc", ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Margaret Sullavan, Ann Sothern, Joan Blondell, Fay Bainter, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is The Crystal Ball, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Paulette Goddard, Ray Milland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is The Dancing Masters, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Laurel and Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Dangerous Blondes, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is Evelyn Keyes, Anita Louise, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is Dead Men Walk, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is George Zucco, Mary Carlisle, genre is horror. Release year is 1943, title is The Desperadoes, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Randolph Scott, Claire Trevor, Glenn Ford, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is Destination Tokyo, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Cary Grant, John Garfield, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Destroyer, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Glenn Ford, Edward G. Robinson, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Dixie, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Bing Crosby, Dorothy Lamour, genre is musical bio-pic. Release year is 1943, title is Dizzy Detectives, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is Dizzy Pilots, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is Dr. Gillespie's Criminal Case, ethnicity is American, director is Willis Goldbeck, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Van Johnson, Margaret O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is DuBarry Was a Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Red Skelton, Lucille Ball, Gene Kelly, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is Edge of Darkness, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Errol Flynn, Ann Sheridan, Walter Huston, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is The Falcon and the Co-eds, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Tom Conway, Amelita Ward, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is The Falcon in Danger, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Tom Conway, Jean Brooks, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is The Falcon Strikes Back, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Tom Conway, Harriet Hilliard, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is The Fallen Sparrow, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Maureen O'Hara, John Garfield, Walter Slezak, Patricia Morison, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Falling Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Clampett, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated. Release year is 1943, title is First Comes Courage, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Arzner, cast is Merle Oberon, Brian Aherne, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Five Graves to Cairo, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Franchot Tone, Anne Baxter, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Flesh and Fantasy, ethnicity is American, director is Julien Duvivier, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Charles Boyer, Barbara Stanwyck, Betty Field, genre is drama anthology. Release year is 1943, title is Follow the Band, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Mary Beth Hughes, Eddie Quillan, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is For Whom the Bell Tolls, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Gary Cooper, Ingrid Bergman, Arturo de Córdova, genre is war drama. Release year is 1943, title is Forever and a Day, ethnicity is American, director is René Clair, Edmund Goulding, cast is Brian Aherne, Robert Cummings, Charles Laughton, Ida Lupino, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Bela Lugosi, genre is horror. Release year is 1943, title is Frontier Badmen, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Diana Barrymore, Noah Beery, Jr., genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is The Gang's All Here, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Alice Faye, Carmen Miranda, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is A Gem of a Jam, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is The Ghost and the Guest, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Florence Rice, James Dunn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is The Ghost Ship, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Richard Dix, Edith Barrett, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Ghosts on the Loose, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is East Side Kids, Bela Lugosi, Ava Gardner, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Gildersleeve's Bad Day, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Harold Peary, Nancy Gates, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is The Girl from Monterrey, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Armida Vendrell, Veda Ann Borg, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Girls in Chains, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Arline Judge, Roger Clark, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is G-Men vs. the Black Dragon, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Constance Worth, Rod Cameron, genre is serial. Release year is 1943, title is The Good Fellows, ethnicity is American, director is Jo Graham, cast is Cecil Kellaway, Mabel Paige, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is The Gorilla Man, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Ruth Ford, John Loder, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Guadalcanal Diary, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is William Bendix, Richard Conte, Anthony Quinn, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Gung Ho!, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Randolph Scott, Robert Mitchum, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is A Guy Named Joe, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Spencer Tracy, Irene Dunne, Van Johnson, genre is romantic fantasy. Release year is 1943, title is Hangmen Also Die!, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Hans Heinrich von Twardowski, Brian Donlevy, Walter Brennan, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Happy Go Lucky, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Mary Martin, Betty Hutton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Happy Land, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Don Ameche, Frances Dee, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is The Hard Way, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Ida Lupino, Joan Leslie, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is The Heat's On, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Mae West, Victor Moore, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Heaven Can Wait, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Don Ameche, Gene Tierney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is He Hired the Boss, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas Loring, cast is Stuart Erwin, Evelyn Venable, Vivian Blaine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Henry Aldrich Gets Glamour, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh Bennett, cast is Jimmy Lydon, Olive Blakeney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Hers to Hold, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Ryan, cast is Deanna Durbin, Joseph Cotten, genre is romance. Release year is 1943, title is Hi Diddle Diddle, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Adolphe Menjou, Martha Scott, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Higher Than a Kite, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is His Butler's Sister, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Deanna Durbin, Franchot Tone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Hit the Ice, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Hitler's Children, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Tim Holt, Bonita Granville, Kent Smith, genre is propaganda. Release year is 1943, title is Hitler's Madman, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Patricia Morison, Alan Curtis, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Holy Matrimony, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Monty Woolley, Gracie Fields, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Hostages, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Luise Rainer, William Bendix, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is I Can Hardly Wait, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is I Dood It, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Red Skelton, Eleanor Powell, genre is musical–comedy. Release year is 1943, title is I Walked with a Zombie, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Frances Dee, Tom Conway, genre is horror. Release year is 1943, title is Immortal Sergeant, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Henry Fonda, Maureen O'Hara, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is In Old Oklahoma, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is John Wayne, Martha Scott, Dale Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is The Iron Major, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Pat O'Brien, Ruth Warrick, genre is biographical. Release year is 1943, title is Isle of Forgotten Sins, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Gale Sondergaard, John Carradine, genre is adventure. Release year is 1943, title is It Ain't Hay, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Jack London, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Michael O'Shea, Susan Hayward, genre is bio-pic. Release year is 1943, title is Jane Eyre, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Orson Welles, Joan Fontaine, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Jitterbugs, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Laurel and Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Johnny Come Lately, ethnicity is American, director is William K. Howard, cast is James Cagney, Marjorie Lord, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Journey into Fear, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, Orson Welles, cast is Joseph Cotten, Dolores del Río, Orson Welles, genre is spy thriller. Release year is 1943, title is Keep 'Em Slugging, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Dead End Kids, Elyse Knox, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Keeper of the Flame, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Spencer Tracy, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Ladies' Day, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Lupe Vélez, Eddie Albert, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Lady of Burlesque, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Michael O'Shea, genre is comedy mystery. Release year is 1943, title is A Lady Takes a Chance, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Jean Arthur, John Wayne, Phil Silvers, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Lassie Come Home, ethnicity is American, director is Fred M. Wilcox, cast is Roddy McDowall, Donald Crisp, May Whitty, genre is family. Release year is 1943, title is The Leopard Man, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Margo, Jean Brooks, genre is horror. Release year is 1943, title is Let's Face It, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Betty Hutton, Bob Hope, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is London Blackout Murders, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is John Abbott, Anita Bolster, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is The Lone Star Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Taylor, cast is Johnny Mack Brown, Tex Ritter, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is The Lonesome Mouse, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1943, title is Lost Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Margaret O'Brien, Marsha Hunt, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is The Mad Ghoul, ethnicity is American, director is James P. Hogan, cast is George Zucco, Evelyn Ankers, Robert Armstrong, genre is horror. Release year is 1943, title is Madame Curie, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Greer Garson, Walter Pidgeon, Henry Travers, genre is biography. Release year is 1943, title is The Man from Down Under, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Charles Laughton, Donna Reed, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Margin for Error, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Joan Bennett, Milton Berle, Otto Preminger, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is The Meanest Man in the World, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Jack Benny, Priscilla Lane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Minesweeper, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Richard Arlen, Jean Parker, genre is war drama. Release year is 1943, title is Mission to Moscow, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Walter Huston, Ann Harding, Oskar Homolka, genre is war drama. Release year is 1943, title is Mister Big, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Donald O'Connor, Gloria Jean, Peggy Ryan, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is The More the Merrier, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Jean Arthur, Joel McCrea, Charles Coburn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Mr. Lucky, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Cary Grant, Laraine Day, genre is romance. Release year is 1943, title is My Friend Flicka, ethnicity is American, director is Harold D. Schuster, cast is Roddy McDowall, Preston Foster, Rita Johnson, genre is family. Release year is 1943, title is The Mysterious Doctor, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Eleanor Parker, John Loder, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Nobody's Darling, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Mary Lee, Louis Calhern, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is No Place for a Lady, ethnicity is American, director is James P. Hogan, cast is William Gargan, Phyllis Brooks, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is No Time for Love, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is The North Star, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Anne Baxter, Dana Andrews, Walter Huston, Walter Brennan, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Northern Pursuit, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Errol Flynn, Julie Bishop, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Old Acquaintance, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Bette Davis, Miriam Hopkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is One Dangerous Night, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Warren William, Marguerite Chapman, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is The Outlaw, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hughes, cast is Jane Russell, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is The Ox-Bow Incident, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Henry Fonda, Dana Andrews, Mary Beth Hughes, Anthony Quinn, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is Passport to Suez, ethnicity is American, director is Andre DeToth, cast is Warren William, Ann Savage, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is Phantom of the Opera, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Nelson Eddy, Susanna Foster, Claude Rains, genre is horror, musical. Release year is 1943, title is Phony Express, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is Pilot No. 5, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Gene Kelly, Franchot Tone, Van Johnson, Marsha Hunt, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Presenting Lily Mars, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Judy Garland, Van Heflin, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is Princess O'Rourke, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Krasna, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Robert Cummings, Charles Coburn, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Redhead from Manhattan, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Lupe Velez, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is The Return of the Vampire, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Bela Lugosi, Nina Foch, genre is horror. Release year is 1943, title is Reveille with Beverly, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Ann Miller, Franklin Pangborn, Larry Parks, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Revenge of the Zombies, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Sekely, cast is Gale Storm, John Carradine, genre is horror. Release year is 1943, title is Rookies in Burma, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Wally Brown, Alan Carney, genre is war comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Sahara, ethnicity is American, director is Zoltan Korda, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Dan Duryea, genre is war drama. Release year is 1943, title is The Saint Meets the Tiger, ethnicity is American, director is Paul L. Stein, cast is Hugh Sinclair, Jean Gillie, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is Salute to the Marines, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Wallace Beery, Fay Bainter, genre is war drama propaganda. Release year is 1943, title is Salute for Three, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Betty Jane Rhodes, Macdonald Carey, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is Scrap Happy Daffy, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Daffy Duck, genre is animated short. Release year is 1943, title is The Seventh Victim, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Tom Conway, Jean Brooks, Isabel Jewell, Kim Hunter, Hugh Beaumont, genre is horror. Release year is 1943, title is Shadow of a Doubt, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Teresa Wright, Joseph Cotten, Macdonald Carey, Hume Cronyn, genre is film noir. Release year is 1943, title is Sherlock Holmes Faces Death, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Weapon, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is Sherlock Holmes in Washington, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is mystery. Release year is 1943, title is The Sky's the Limit, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is Fred Astaire, Joan Leslie, Robert Benchley, Robert Ryan, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1943, title is So Proudly We Hail!, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Claudette Colbert, Paulette Goddard, George Reeves, Veronica Lake, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Someone to Remember, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Mabel Paige, Harry Shannon, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Something to Shout About, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Don Ameche, Janet Blair, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Son of Dracula, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Evelyn Ankers, genre is horror. Release year is 1943, title is The Song of Bernadette, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Jennifer Jones, genre is bio-pic. Release year is 1943, title is So This Is Washington, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Lum and Abner, Mildred Coles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Spook Louder, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is Stage Door Canteen, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Cheryl Walker, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is Star Spangled Rhythm, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Victor Moore, Betty Hutton, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is A Stranger in Town, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Frank Morgan, Jean Rogers, genre is drama, comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Submarine Alert, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Richard Arlen, Wendy Barrie, genre is action. Release year is 1943, title is Submarine Base, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Kelley, cast is Alan Baxter, John Litel, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Swing Shift Maisie, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Ann Sothern, James Craig, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Tarzan's Desert Mystery, ethnicity is American, director is Wilhelm Thiele, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Nancy Kelly, genre is adventure. Release year is 1943, title is Tarzan Triumphs, ethnicity is American, director is Wilhelm Thiele, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Frances Gifford, genre is adventure. Release year is 1943, title is Tender Comrade, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Ginger Rogers, Robert Ryan, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Thank Your Lucky Stars, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Dennis Morgan, Joan Leslie, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is They Came to Blow Up America, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is George Sanders, Anna Sten, Ward Bond, genre is war drama. Release year is 1943, title is They Got Me Covered, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Bob Hope, Dorothy Lamour, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is They Stooge to Conga, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is This Is the Army, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is George Murphy, Ronald Reagan, Joan Leslie, Kate Smith, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is This Land Is Mine, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Renoir, cast is Charles Laughton, Maureen O'Hara, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Thousands Cheer, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Kathryn Grayson, Gene Kelly, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is Three Hearts for Julia, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Ann Sothern, Melvyn Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Three Little Twirps, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Edwards, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1943, title is Thumbs Up, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Brenda Joyce, Richard Fraser, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is Tiger Fangs, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Frank Buck, June Duprez, genre is adventure. Release year is 1943, title is Tonight We Raid Calais, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Anabella, John Sutton, Blanche Yurka, Lee J. Cobb, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Tornado, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Berke, cast is Chester Morris, Nancy Kelly, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is Wackiki Wabbit, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated short. Release year is 1943, title is War of the Wildcats, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is John Wayne, Martha Scott, Gabby Hayes, Dale Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is Watch on the Rhine, ethnicity is American, director is Herman Shumlin, cast is Bette Davis, Paul Lukas, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is The West Side Kid, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Don "Red" Barry, Dale Evans, genre is crime. Release year is 1943, title is We've Never Been Licked, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Richard Quine, Anne Gwynne, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is What a Woman!, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Rosalind Russell, Brian Aherne, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Whispering Footsteps, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is John Hubbard, Rita Quigley, genre is film noir. Release year is 1943, title is White Savage, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Maria Montez, Jon Hall, genre is adventure. Release year is 1943, title is Wings Over the Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Edward Norris, Inez Cooper, Montagu Love, genre is war. Release year is 1943, title is Wintertime, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Sonja Henie, Cesar Romero, genre is musical. Release year is 1943, title is The Woman of the Town, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Claire Trevor, Albert Dekker, genre is western. Release year is 1943, title is Yankee Doodle Daffy, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, genre is animated short. Release year is 1943, title is The Yankee Doodle Mouse, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1943, title is You, John Jones!, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is James Cagney, Ann Sothern, genre is short. Release year is 1943, title is Young and Willing, ethnicity is American, director is Edward H. Griffith, cast is William Holden, Susan Hayward, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is Young Ideas, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Susan Peters, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1943, title is The Youngest Profession, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Virginia Weidler, Edward Arnold, Agnes Moorehead, genre is comedy. Release year is 1943, title is You're a Lucky Fellow, Mr. Smith, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Allan Jones, Billie Burke, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1944, title is 3 Men in White, ethnicity is American, director is Willis Goldbeck, cast is Lionel Barrymore, Van Johnson, Marilyn Maxwell, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Abroad with Two Yanks, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is William Bendix, Helen Walker, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Accent on Crime, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Herman, cast is June Carlson, Fifi D'Orsay, Teala Loring, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1944, title is Action in Arabia, ethnicity is American, director is Léonide Moguy, cast is George Sanders, Virginia Bruce, Lenore Aubert, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1944, title is Address Unknown, ethnicity is American, director is William Cameron Menzies, cast is Mady Christians, Morris Carnovsky, Paul Lukas, Peter van Eyck, K. T. Stevens, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is The Adventures of Mark Twain, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Fredric March, Alexis Smith, genre is adventure. Release year is 1944, title is Alaska, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Kent Taylor, Margaret Lindsay, John Carradine, genre is crime, adventure. Release year is 1944, title is Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Maria Montez, Jon Hall, Turhan Bey, genre is adventure. Release year is 1944, title is An American Romance, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Brian Donlevy, Ann Richards, Walter Abel, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is And the Angels Sing, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Fred MacMurray, Betty Hutton, Dorothy Lamour, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1944, title is And Now Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Alan Ladd, Loretta Young, Susan Hayward, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Andy Hardy's Blonde Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is George B. Seitz, cast is Lewis Stone, Mickey Rooney, Fay Holden, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Are These Our Parents?, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Helen Vinson, Lyle Talbot, Ivan Lebedeff, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1944, title is Arsenic and Old Lace, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Cary Grant, Raymond Massey, Josephine Hull, Peter Lorre, Jack Carson, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Atlantic City, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Constance Moore, Stanley Brown, Charley Grapewin, genre is romantic musical. Release year is 1944, title is Babes on Swing Street, ethnicity is American, director is Edward C. Lilley, cast is Ann Blyth, Peggy Ryan, Andy Devine, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Barbary Coast Gent, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Wallace Beery, Binnie Barnes, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Bathing Beauty, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Esther Williams, Red Skelton, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Belle of the Yukon, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Randolph Scott, Gypsy Rose Lee, Dinah Shore, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Between Two Worlds, ethnicity is American, director is Edward A. Blatt, cast is John Garfield, Paul Henreid, Eleanor Parker, genre is mystery. Release year is 1944, title is The Big Noise, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Laurel and Hardy, Doris Merrick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Black Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Mark Roberts, Adele Jergens, Robert Williams, genre is action western. Release year is 1944, title is Black Magic, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Sidney Toler, Mantan Moreland, Jacqueline deWit, genre is mystery. Release year is 1944, title is Block Busters, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Gabriel Dell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Blonde Fever, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Whorf, cast is Philip Dorn, Mary Astor, Gloria Grahame, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1944, title is Bluebeard, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is John Carradine, Jean Parker, genre is thriller. Release year is 1944, title is The Bodyguard, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1944, title is Bowery Champs, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Gabriel Dell, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Bride by Mistake, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Alan Marshal, Laraine Day, Marsha Hunt, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Bridge of San Luis Rey, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Lynn Bari, Akim Tamiroff, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Broadway Rhythm, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is George Murphy, Ginny Simms, Nancy Walker, Lena Horne, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Buffalo Bill, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Joel McCrea, Maureen O'Hara, genre is western, biography. Release year is 1944, title is Bugs Bunny and the Three Bears, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Merrie Melodies, genre is animated. Release year is 1944, title is Bugs Bunny Nips the Nips, ethnicity is American, director is I. Freleng, cast is Merrie Melodies, genre is animated, war. Release year is 1944, title is Busy Buddies, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1944, title is Can't Help Singing, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Ryan, cast is Deanna Durbin, Robert Paige, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is The Canterville Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Charles Laughton, Margaret O'Brien, genre is comedy, fantasy. Release year is 1944, title is Captain America, ethnicity is American, director is Elmer Clifton, John English, cast is Dick Purcell, Lorna Gray, genre is serial. Release year is 1944, title is Career Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Frances Langford, Edward Norris, Iris Adrian, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Casanova Brown, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Gary Cooper, Teresa Wright, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Charlie Chan in The Chinese Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Sidney Toler, Joan Woodbury, Mantan Moreland, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Charlie Chan in the Secret Service, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Sidney Toler, Mantan Moreland, Arthur Loft, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Cheyenne Wildcat, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Bill Elliott, Robert Blake, Alice Fleming, genre is western. Release year is 1944, title is Christmas Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Deanna Durbin, Gene Kelly, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is The Climax, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is Susanna Foster, Boris Karloff, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is Cobra Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Lon Chaney Jr., Maria Montez, Jon Hall, Sabu, genre is adventure. Release year is 1944, title is The Conspirators, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Hedy Lamarr, Paul Henreid, genre is spy. Release year is 1944, title is Cover Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Rita Hayworth, Gene Kelly, Phil Silvers, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Cowboy and the Senorita, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Roy Rogers, Trigger, Mary Lee, genre is western. Release year is 1944, title is Crash Goes the Hash, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1944, title is Crime by Night, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Jane Wyman, Jerome Cowan, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1944, title is Cry of the Werewolf, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Nina Foch, Stephen Crane, Osa Massen, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is The Curse of the Cat People, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Simone Simon, Jane Randolph, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is Dancing Romeo, ethnicity is American, director is Cyril Endfield, cast is Our Gang, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1944, title is Dangerous Passage, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Robert Lowery, Phyllis Brooks, Charles Arnt, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Dark Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Robert Lowery, Ellen Drew, Regis Toomey, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1944, title is Dark Waters, ethnicity is American, director is André De Toth, cast is Merle Oberon, Franchot Tone, Thomas Mitchell, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Days of Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Gregory Peck, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1944, title is Dead Man's Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Jean Parker, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is Delinquent Daughters, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Herman, cast is June Carlson, Fifi D'Orsay, Teala Loring, genre is exploitation. Release year is 1944, title is Destiny, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Gloria Jean, Alan Curtis, Frank Craven, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1944, title is Double Exposure, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Berke, cast is Chester Morris, Nancy Kelly, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Double Indemnity, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Fred MacMurray, Barbara Stanwyck, Edward G. Robinson, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Dragon Seed, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, Jack Conway, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Walter Huston, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Enemy of Women, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Zeisler, cast is Claudia Drake, Wolfgang Zilzer, Donald Woods, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Enter Arsène Lupin, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Charles Korvin, Ella Raines, genre is crime. Release year is 1944, title is The Eve of St. Mark, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Anne Baxter, Michael O'Shea, Vincent Price, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Ever Since Venus, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Dreifuss, cast is Ina Ray Hutton, Hugh Herbert, Ann Savage, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Experiment Perilous, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Hedy Lamarr, George Brent, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is The Falcon in Hollywood, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Tom Conway, Rita Corday, genre is mystery. Release year is 1944, title is The Falcon in Mexico, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Tom Conway, Mona Maris, genre is mystery. Release year is 1944, title is The Falcon Out West, ethnicity is American, director is William Clemens, cast is Tom Conway , Barbara Hale, genre is mystery. Release year is 1944, title is Farewell, My Lovely, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Dick Powell, Claire Trevor, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is A Fig Leaf for Eve, ethnicity is American, director is Don Brodie, cast is Jan Wiley, Eddie Dunn, Betty Blythe, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is The Fighting Seabees, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is John Wayne, Susan Hayward, genre is war. Release year is 1944, title is The Fighting Sullivans, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Anne Baxter, Thomas Mitchell, genre is biography, drama. Release year is 1944, title is Follow the Boys, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is George Raft, Vera Zorina, Jeanette MacDonald, genre is war comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Follow the Leader, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Gabriel Dell, genre is adventure. Release year is 1944, title is Frenchman's Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Joan Fontaine, Basil Rathbone, genre is adventure. Release year is 1944, title is Frontier Outlaws, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Buster Crabbe, Marin Sais, genre is western. Release year is 1944, title is Gambler's Choice, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Chester Morris, Nancy Kelly, genre is crime. Release year is 1944, title is Gaslight, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Charles Boyer, Ingrid Bergman, Angela Lansbury, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Gents Without Cents, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1944, title is Girl Rush, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Wally Brown, Alan Carney, Frances Langford, genre is comedy western. Release year is 1944, title is Goin' to Town, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Chester Lauck, Norris Goff, Barbara Hale, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Going My Way, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Bing Crosby, Barry Fitzgerald, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Goodnight, Sweetheart, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Robert Livingston, Ruth Terry, Henry Hull, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Government Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Dudley Nichols, cast is Olivia de Havilland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Great Alaskan Mystery, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Milburn Stone, Marjorie Weaver, Edgar Kennedy, genre is spy serial. Release year is 1944, title is The Great Mike, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Stuart Erwin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Great Moment, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Joel McCrea, Betty Field, genre is biopic. Release year is 1944, title is Greenwich Village, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Carmen Miranda, Don Ameche, William Bendix, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Guest in the House, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Anne Baxter, Ralph Bellamy, Aline MacMahon, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Gypsy Wildcat, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Maria Montez, Jon Hall, Peter Coe, genre is adventure. Release year is 1944, title is Hail the Conquering Hero, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Eddie Bracken, Ella Raines, William Demarest, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Hare Force, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated short. Release year is 1944, title is Haunted Harbor, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is Kane Richmond, Kay Aldridge, Roy Barcroft, genre is serial. Release year is 1944, title is The Heavenly Body, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is William Powell, Hedy Lamarr, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Here Come the Waves, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Sandrich, cast is Bing Crosby, Betty Hutton, Sonny Tufts, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Higher and Higher, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Whelan, cast is Michele Morgan, Frank Sinatra, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Hollywood Canteen, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Robert Hutton, Joan Leslie, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Home in Indiana, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Walter Brennan, Lon McCallister, Jeanne Crain, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is The Hour Before the Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Veronica Lake, Franchot Tone, Binnie Barnes, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is House of Frankenstein, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Boris Karloff, Lon Chaney, Jr., John Carradine, Glenn Strange, J. Carroll Naish, Anne Gwynne, Peter Coe, Lionel Atwill, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is I Accuse My Parents, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Mary Beth Hughes, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1944, title is Idle Roomers, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy, short. Release year is 1944, title is I'll Be Seeing You, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Ginger Rogers, Shirley Temple, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is I'm from Arkansas, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Slim Summerville, Iris Adrian, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Impatient Years, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Jean Arthur, Lee Bowman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Impostor, ethnicity is American, director is Julien Duvivier, cast is Jean Gabin, Richard Whorf, Ellen Drew, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is In the Meantime, Darling, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Jeanne Crain, genre is romance. Release year is 1944, title is In Our Time, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Ida Lupino, Paul Henreid, genre is romance. Release year is 1944, title is In Society, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Abbott and Costello, Marion Hutton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Invisible Man's Revenge, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Jon Hall, John Carradine, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1944, title is Irish Eyes Are Smiling, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Monty Woolley, June Haver, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is It Happened Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is René Clair, cast is Dick Powell, Linda Darnell, genre is fantasy, comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Janie, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Joyce Reynolds, Ann Harding, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Johnny Doesn't Live Here Anymore, ethnicity is American, director is Joe May, cast is Simone Simon, James Ellison, genre is romance. Release year is 1944, title is The Keys of the Kingdom, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Gregory Peck, Thomas Mitchell, Roddy McDowall, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Kismet, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Ronald Colman, Marlene Dietrich, James Craig, genre is historical. Release year is 1944, title is Ladies Courageous, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Loretta Young, Diana Barrymore, Anne Gwynne, Geraldine Fitzgerald, genre is war. Release year is 1944, title is The Lady and the Monster, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Vera Ralston, Erich von Stroheim, Richard Arlen, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1944, title is Lady in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Weill, cast is Ginger Rogers, Ray Milland, Jon Hall, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Lady in the Death House, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Sekely, cast is Jean Parker, Lionel Atwill, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is The Last Ride, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Eleanor Parker, Richard Travis, genre is crime. Release year is 1944, title is Laura, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Gene Tierney, Dana Andrews, Clifton Webb, Vincent Price, Judith Anderson, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Law Men, ethnicity is American, director is Lambert Hillyer, cast is Johnny Mack Brown, Jan Wiley, genre is western. Release year is 1944, title is Lifeboat, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Tallulah Bankhead, William Bendix, genre is war, drama. Release year is 1944, title is The Lodger, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Merle Oberon, George Sanders, Laird Cregar, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is Lost in a Harem, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Machine Gun Mama, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Young, cast is Armida, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Mademoiselle Fifi, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Simone Simon, Kurt Kreuger, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Maisie Goes to Reno, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Ann Sothern, John Hodiak, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Make Your Own Bed, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Jane Wyman, Jack Carson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Marine Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Schuster, cast is Pat O'Brien, Robert Ryan, Ruth Hussey, genre is war. Release year is 1944, title is The Mark of the Whistler, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Richard Dix, Janis Carter, genre is mystery. Release year is 1944, title is Marriage Is a Private Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Lana Turner, John Hodiak, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Mask of Dimitrios, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is The Master Race, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Biberman, cast is George Coulouris, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Meet Me in St. Louis, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Judy Garland, Margaret O'Brien, Mary Astor, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Meet the People, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Reisner, cast is Lucille Ball, Dick Powell, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Ministry of Fear, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Ray Milland and Marjorie Reynolds, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Minstrel Man, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Benny Fields, Gladys George, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is The Miracle of Morgan's Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Eddie Bracken, Betty Hutton, William Demarest, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Monster Maker, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is J. Carrol Naish, Ralph Morgan, Tala Birell, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1944, title is Moonlight and Cactus, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is The Andrews Sisters, Leo Carillo, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Mouse Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1944, title is Mr. Skeffington, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Bette Davis, Claude Rains, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Mr. Winkle Goes to War, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Ruth Warrick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Mrs. Parkington, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Greer Garson, Walter Pidgeon, Edward Arnold, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is The Mummy's Curse, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Lon Chaney, Virginia Christine, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is The Mummy's Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Lon Chaney, John Carradine, Ramsay Ames, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is Murder in the Blue Room, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Anne Gwynne, John Litel, genre is mystery. Release year is 1944, title is Murder, My Sweet, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Dick Powell, Claire Trevor, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Music for Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Jimmy Durante, June Allyson, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is My Pal Wolf, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Werker, cast is Sharyn Moffett, Jill Esmond, Claire Carleton, genre is family. Release year is 1944, title is Nabonga, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Buster Crabbe, Julie London, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1944, title is National Velvet, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Mickey Rooney, Elizabeth Taylor, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is A Night of Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Tom Conway, Audrey Long, John Carradine, Dean Jagger, genre is crime mystery. Release year is 1944, title is No Dough Boys, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1944, title is None But the Lonely Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Clifford Odets, cast is Cary Grant, Ethel Barrymore, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is None Shall Escape, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Marsha Hunt, Henry Travers, genre is war drama. Release year is 1944, title is Nothing But Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Taylor, cast is Laurel and Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Oath of Vengeance, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Buster Crabbe, Al St. John, genre is western. Release year is 1944, title is Oh, What a Night, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Jean Parker, Edmund Lowe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Once Upon a Time, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Cary Grant, Janet Blair, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is One Body Too Many, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Bela Lugosi, Jean Parker, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1944, title is One Mysterious Night, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Chester Morris, Janis Carter, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1944, title is Our Hearts Were Young and Gay, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Gail Russell, Diana Lynn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Passage to Marseille, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Claude Rains, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, genre is war. Release year is 1944, title is Passport to Destiny, ethnicity is American, director is Ray McCarey, cast is Elsa Lanchester, Gordon Oliver, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is The Pearl of Death, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is crime. Release year is 1944, title is Phantom Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Franchot Tone, Ella Raines, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Pin Up Girl, ethnicity is American, director is William LeBaron, cast is Betty Grable, Martha Raye, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Practically Yours, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Princess and the Pirate, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Bob Hope, Virginia Mayo, Walter Brennan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Purple Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Dana Andrews, Richard Conte, Farley Granger, genre is war. Release year is 1944, title is The Racket Man, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Hugh Beaumont, Tom Neal, Jeanne Bates, genre is crime. Release year is 1944, title is Raiders of Ghost City, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Dennis Moore, Lionel Atwill, Wanda McKay, genre is western serial. Release year is 1944, title is Rationing, ethnicity is American, director is Willis Goldbeck, cast is Wallace Beery, Marjorie Main, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Return of the Vampire, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Bela Lugosi, Nina Foch, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is Russian Rhapsody, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Clampett, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animated short. Release year is 1944, title is San Fernando Valley, ethnicity is American, director is John English, cast is Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1944, title is The Scarlet Claw, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is crime. Release year is 1944, title is Secret Command, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Pat O'Brien, Carole Landis, Chester Morris, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is See Here, Private Hargrove, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Ruggles, Tay Garnett, cast is Robert Walker, Donna Reed, Keenan Wynn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Seven Days Ashore, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Marcy McGuire, Virginia Mayo, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Seven Doors to Death, ethnicity is American, director is Elmer Clifton, cast is June Clyde, genre is suspense. Release year is 1944, title is The Seventh Cross, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Spencer Tracy, Hume Cronyn, genre is war drama. Release year is 1944, title is She's a Sweetheart, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is Jane Frazee, Larry Parks, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Since You Went Away, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Claudette Colbert, Jennifer Jones, Shirley Temple, Joseph Cotten, genre is romance. Release year is 1944, title is Something for the Boys, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Carmen Miranda, Phil Silvers, Perry Como, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Song of Russia, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Robert Taylor, Susan Peters, genre is war. Release year is 1944, title is The Spider Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, Gale Sondergaard, genre is mystery. Release year is 1944, title is Standing Room Only, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Fred MacMurray, Paulette Goddard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Strangers in the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is William Terry, Virginia Grey, genre is thriller. Release year is 1944, title is Summer Storm, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Linda Darnell, George Sanders, Anna Lee, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Sunday Dinner for a Soldier, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Anne Baxter, John Hodiak, genre is romance. Release year is 1944, title is The Suspect, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Charles Laughton, Ella Raines, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Swingtime Johnny, ethnicity is American, director is Edward F. Cline, cast is Harriet Hilliard, The Andrews Sisters, genre is musical. Release year is 1944, title is Take It Big, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Harriet Hilliard, Jack Haley, Ozzie Nelson, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Tall in the Saddle, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is John Wayne, Ella Raines, Ward Bond, genre is western. Release year is 1944, title is Thirty Seconds over Tokyo, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Spencer Tracy, Van Johnson, genre is war drama. Release year is 1944, title is This Is the Life, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Donald O'Connor, Susanna Foster, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Thoroughbreds, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Tom Neal, Adele Mara, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is The Three Caballeros, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Ferguson, Clyde Geronimi, Jack Kinney, cast is Aurora Miranda, genre is animated. Release year is 1944, title is The Tiger Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Bennet, cast is Allan Lane, Linda Stirling, genre is adventure serial. Release year is 1944, title is To Have and Have Not, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Lauren Bacall. Walter Brennan, Hoagy Carmichael, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is Together Again, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Irene Dunne, Charles Boyer, genre is romance. Release year is 1944, title is The Town Went Wild, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Freddie Bartholomew, Jimmy Lydon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is Trigger Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, cast is Rod Cameron, Vivian Austin, genre is western. Release year is 1944, title is Two Girls and a Sailor, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Van Johnson, June Allyson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Uninvited, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Ray Milland, Ruth Hussey, Donald Crisp, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is Uncertain Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Errol Flynn, Paul Lukas, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Up in Mabel's Room, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Marjorie Reynolds, Dennis O'Keefe, Gail Patrick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1944, title is The Very Thought of You, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Dennis Morgan, Eleanor Parker, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Voice in the Wind, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Ripley, cast is Francis Lederer, Sigrid Gurie, genre is drama. Release year is 1944, title is Voodoo Man, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Bela Lugosi, John Carradine, George Zucco, genre is horror. Release year is 1944, title is Waterfront, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Sekely, cast is J. Carrol Naish, Maris Wrixon, genre is war, drama. Release year is 1944, title is What's Cookin' Doc?, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clampett, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated short. Release year is 1944, title is When Strangers Marry, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Kim Hunter, Dean Jagger, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is The Whistler, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Richard Dix, Gloria Stuart, Joan Woodbury, genre is mystery. Release year is 1944, title is The White Cliffs of Dover, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Irene Dunne, Alan Marshal, genre is war drama. Release year is 1944, title is Wilson, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Charles Coburn, Alexander Knox, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Thomas Mitchell, genre is bio-pic. Release year is 1944, title is Winged Victory, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Lon McCallister, Jeanne Crain, Edmond O'Brien, Judy Holliday, genre is war drama. Release year is 1944, title is The Woman in the Window, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Joan Bennett, Raymond Massey, genre is film noir. Release year is 1944, title is The Yellow Rose of Texas, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, Trigger, genre is western. Release year is 1944, title is The Yoke's on Me, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy, short. Release year is 1944, title is The Zoot Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1944, title is Zorro's Black Whip, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is Linda Stirling, genre is western, serial. Release year is 1945, title is Abbott and Costello in Hollywood, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Abbott and Costello, Lucille Ball, Rags Ragland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Clark Gable, Greer Garson, genre is adventure. Release year is 1945, title is The Affairs of Susan, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Joan Fontaine, George Brent, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Allotment Wives, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Kay Francis, Otto Kruger, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Along Came Jones, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Gary Cooper, Loretta Young, William Demarest, Dan Duryea, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Along the Navajo Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, Estelita Rodriguez, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Anchors Aweigh, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Frank Sinatra, Kathryn Grayson, Gene Kelly, genre is musical. Release year is 1945, title is And Then There Were None, ethnicity is American, director is René Clair, cast is Barry Fitzgerald, Walter Huston, Louis Hayward, Roland Young, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Apology for Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Ann Savage, Hugh Beaumont, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1945, title is Back to Bataan, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is John Wayne, Anthony Quinn, Beulah Bondi, genre is war. Release year is 1945, title is Behind City Lights, ethnicity is American, director is John English, cast is Lynne Roberts, Peter Cookson, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is A Bell for Adano, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Gene Tierney, John Hodiak, William Bendix, genre is war drama. Release year is 1945, title is Bells of Rosarita, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is The Bells of St. Mary's, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Bing Crosby, Ingrid Bergman, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Between Two Women, ethnicity is American, director is Willis Goldbeck, cast is Van Johnson, Gloria DeHaven, Marilyn Maxwell, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Bewitched, ethnicity is American, director is Arch Oboler, cast is Phyllis Thaxter, Edmund Gwenn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Big Show-Off, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Arthur Lake, Dale Evans, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Blood on the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is James Cagney, Sylvia Sidney, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is The Body Snatcher, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, genre is horror. Release year is 1945, title is Booby Dupes, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1945, title is Boston Blackie Booked on Suspicion, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Dreifuss, cast is Chester Morris, Lynn Merrick, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Brenda Starr, Reporter, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Joan Woodbury, genre is serial. Release year is 1945, title is Brewster's Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Helen Walker, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Bring on the Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Veronica Lake, Marjorie Reynolds, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Bullfighters, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Laurel and Hardy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Captain Eddie, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Fred MacMurray, Lynn Bari, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Captain Kidd, ethnicity is American, director is Rowland V. Lee, cast is Charles Laughton, Randolph Scott, Barbara Britton, genre is adventure. Release year is 1945, title is Captain Tugboat Annie, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Jane Darwell, Edgar Kennedy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Cheaters, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Joseph Schildkraut, Billie Burke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Cherokee Flash, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas Carr, cast is Sunset Carson, Linda Stirling, Tom London, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is China Sky, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Randolph Scott, Ruth Warrick, Ellen Drew, genre is war drama. Release year is 1945, title is Christmas in Connecticut, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Dennis Morgan, Reginald Gardiner, Sydney Greenstreet, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Circumstantial Evidence, ethnicity is American, director is John Larkin, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Michael O'Shea, Trudy Marshall, genre is crime. Release year is 1945, title is The Clock, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Judy Garland, Robert Walker, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Club Havana, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Margaret Lindsay, Tom Neal, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Come Out Fighting, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Billy Benedict, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Confidential Agent, ethnicity is American, director is Herman Shumlin, cast is Charles Boyer, Lauren Bacall, genre is spy. Release year is 1945, title is Conflict, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Alexis Smith, Sydney Greenstreet, genre is suspense. Release year is 1945, title is The Corn Is Green, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Bette Davis, Joan Lorring, John Dall, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Cornered, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Dick Powell, Walter Slezak, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Crime Doctor's Warning, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Warner Baxter, Dusty Anderson, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Crime, Inc., ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Leo Carrillo, Tom Neal, genre is thriller. Release year is 1945, title is Dakota, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is John Wayne, Vera Ralston, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Dangerous Intruder, ethnicity is American, director is Vernon Keats, cast is Veda Ann Borg, Charles Arnt, genre is crime. Release year is 1945, title is Dangerous Partners, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Signe Hasso, James Craig, genre is crime. Release year is 1945, title is Danger Signal, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Faye Emerson, Zachary Scott, genre is crime. Release year is 1945, title is Delightfully Dangerous, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Jane Powell, Ralph Bellamy, genre is musical. Release year is 1945, title is Detour, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Tom Neal, Ann Savage, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Diamond Horseshoe, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Betty Grable, Dick Haymes, Phil Silvers, genre is musical. Release year is 1945, title is Dick Tracy, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Berke, cast is Morgan Conway, Anne Jeffreys, Mike Mazurki, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Dillinger, ethnicity is American, director is Max Nosseck, cast is Lawrence Tierney, Anne Jeffreys, genre is biography, crime. Release year is 1945, title is Divorce, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Kay Francis, Bruce Cabot, Helen Mack, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Docks of New York, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Doll Face, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Vivian Blaine, Carmen Miranda, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Dolly Sisters, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Betty Grable, June Haver, John Payne, genre is musical. Release year is 1945, title is Don't Fence Me In, ethnicity is American, director is John English, cast is Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Draftee Daffy, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clampett, cast is Daffy Duck, genre is animated. Release year is 1945, title is The Enchanted Cottage, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Robert Young, Dorothy McGuire, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Enchanted Forest, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Edmund Lowe, Brenda Joyce, genre is family. Release year is 1945, title is Escape in the Desert, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Blatt, cast is Jean Sullivan, Philip Dorn, Irene Manning, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Escape in the Fog, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Otto Kruger, Nina Foch, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Fallen Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Alice Faye, Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Fashion Model, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Robert Lowery, Marjorie Weaver, Tim Ryan, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is The Fatal Witness, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Evelyn Ankers, genre is crime. Release year is 1945, title is First Yank into Tokyo, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Tom Neal, Barbara Hale, genre is war. Release year is 1945, title is Flame of Barbary Coast, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is John Wayne, Ann Dvorak, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Fog Island, ethnicity is American, director is Terry O. Morse, cast is George Zucco, Lionel Atwill, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Follow That Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is William Gargan, Nancy Kelly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Friendly Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is I. Sparber, cast is Casper, genre is animated. Release year is 1945, title is Frontier Gal, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Yvonne de Carlo, Rod Cameron, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is The Frozen Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Young, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Elena Verdugo, Evelyn Ankers, Douglas Dumbrille, genre is horror. Release year is 1945, title is Getting Gertie's Garter, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Marie McDonald, Barry Sullivan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Girls of the Big House, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Lynne Roberts, Virginia Christine, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1945, title is God Is My Co-Pilot, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Dennis Morgan, Dane Clark, Raymond Massey, genre is war. Release year is 1945, title is The Great Flamarion, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Eric von Stroheim, Mary Beth Hughes, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Guest Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Claudette Colbert, Don Ameche, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Gun Smoke, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Johnny Mack Brown, Jennifer Holt, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Hangover Square, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Linda Darnell, George Sanders, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Here Come the Co-Eds, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Abbott and Costello, Peggy Ryan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Her Highness and the Bellboy, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Hedy Lamarr, Robert Walker, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Hidden Eye, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Whorf, cast is Edward Arnold, Frances Rafferty, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is High Powered, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Phyllis Brooks, Robert Lowery, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is His Brother's Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Buster Crabbe, Al St. John, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Hollywood and Vine, ethnicity is American, director is Alexis Thurn, cast is Wanda McKay, James Ellison, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Horn Blows at Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Jack Benny, Alexis Smith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Hotel Berlin, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Faye Emerson, Raymond Massey, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is The House I Live In, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Frank Sinatra, genre is documentary. Release year is 1945, title is House of Dracula, ethnicity is American, director is Erle C. Kenton, cast is Lon Chaney, John Carradine, Onslow Stevens Martha O'Driscoll, Skelton Knaggs, genre is horror. Release year is 1945, title is The House on 92nd Street, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Lloyd Nolan, William Eythe, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Idiots Deluxe, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1945, title is If a Body Meets a Body, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1945, title is Incendiary Blonde, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Betty Hutton, Barry Fitzgerald, genre is biography. Release year is 1945, title is Isle of the Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Boris Karloff, Ellen Drew, genre is horror. Release year is 1945, title is It's a Pleasure, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Sonja Henie, Michael O'Shea, genre is musical. Release year is 1945, title is Jealousy, ethnicity is American, director is Gustav Muchaty, cast is John Loder, Jane Randolph, genre is suspense. Release year is 1945, title is Johnny Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is George Raft, Claire Trevor, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Jungle Queen, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Ruth Roman, genre is serial. Release year is 1945, title is Jungle Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Veda Ann Borg, Kane Richmond, genre is serial. Release year is 1945, title is Junior Miss, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Peggy Ann Garner, Faye Emerson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Kid Sister, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Roger Pryor, Constance Worth, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Kiss and Tell, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Shirley Temple, Jerome Courtland, Walter Abel, Robert Benchley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Lady on a Train, ethnicity is American, director is Charles David, cast is Deanna Durbin, Ralph Bellamy, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Leave Her to Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Gene Tierney, Jeanne Crain, Cornel Wilde, Vincent Price, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Life with Feathers, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Tweety, Sylvester, genre is animated. Release year is 1945, title is The Lost Weekend, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Ray Milland, Jane Wyman, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Love, Honor and Goodbye, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Virginia Bruce, Nils Asther, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Love Letters, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Jennifer Jones, Joseph Cotten, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Main Street After Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Edward Arnold, Dorothy Morris, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Mama Loves Papa, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Strayer, cast is Leon Errol, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Man Alive, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Pat O'Brien, Ellen Drew, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Man in Half Moon Street, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Helen Walker, Nils Asther, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Manhunt of Mystery Island, ethnicity is American, director is 3 directors, cast is Linda Stirling, Richard Bailey, genre is serial. Release year is 1945, title is The Man Who Walked Alone, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Kay Aldridge, Dave O'Brien, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Masquerade in Mexico, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Dorothy Lamour, genre is musical. Release year is 1945, title is The Master Key, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Milburn Stone, genre is serial. Release year is 1945, title is A Medal for Benny, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Arturo de Córdova, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Micro-Phonies, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1945, title is Midnight Manhunt, ethnicity is American, director is William C. Thomas, cast is William Gargan, Ann Savage, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Mildred Pierce, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Joan Crawford, Jack Carson, Ann Blyth, Zachary Scott, Eve Arden, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is The Missing Corpse, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Herman, cast is J. Edward Bromberg, Isabel Randolph, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Molly and Me, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Gracie Fields, Monty Woolley, Roddy McDowall, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Mouse Comes to Dinner, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1945, title is Murder, He Says, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Fred MacMurray, Helen Walker, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is My Name Is Julia Ross, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Nina Foch, Dame May Whitty, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Navajo Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Fraser, cast is Bob Steele, Caren Marsh, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is The Naughty Nineties, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Abbott and Costello, Alan Curtis, Lois Collier, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Nob Hill, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is George Raft, Joan Bennett, Vivian Blaine, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Objective, Burma!, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Errol Flynn, genre is adventure. Release year is 1945, title is Our Vines Have Tender Grapes, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Margaret O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Out of This World, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Walker, cast is Veronica Lake, Eddie Bracken, Diana Lynn, Cass Daley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Over 21, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Irene Dunne, Alexander Knox, Charles Coburn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Pardon My Past, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is Fred MacMurray, Marguerite Chapman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Picture of Dorian Gray, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Lewin, cast is George Sanders, Hurd Hatfield, genre is suspense. Release year is 1945, title is Pillow of Death, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Brenda Joyce, genre is horror. Release year is 1945, title is Pillow to Post, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Ida Lupino, Sydney Greenstreet, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Power of the Whistler, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Richard Dix, Janis Carter, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Pride of the Marines, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is John Garfield, Eleanor Parker, Dane Clark, genre is war biography. Release year is 1945, title is Pursuit to Algiers, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Quiet Please!, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1945, title is Rockin' in the Rockies, ethnicity is American, director is Vernon Keays, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1945, title is Roughly Speaking, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Rosalind Russell, Jack Carson, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1945, title is A Royal Scandal, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Tallulah Bankhead, Charles Coburn, Anne Baxter, Vincent Price, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Royal Mounted Rides Again, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Bill Kennedy, Milburn Stone, genre is serial. Release year is 1945, title is Rustlers' Hideout, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Buster Crabbe, Al St. John, Patti McCarty, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Salome, Where She Danced, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Yvonne De Carlo, Rod Cameron, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is The Sailor Takes a Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Whorf, cast is Robert Walker, June Allyson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is San Antonio, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Errol Flynn, Alexis Smith, S.Z. Sakall, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Saratoga Trunk, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Gary Cooper, Ingrid Bergman, Flora Robson, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Scared Stiff, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Jack Haley, Ann Savage, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Scarlet Street, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Joan Bennett, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Scotland Yard Investigator, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is C. Aubrey Smith, Erich von Stroheim, genre is crime. Release year is 1945, title is Secret Agent X-9, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Lloyd Bridges, Keye Luke, genre is serial. Release year is 1945, title is Sherlock Holmes and the House of Fear, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is Son of Lassie, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is June Lockhart, Peter Lawford, genre is family, drama. Release year is 1945, title is A Song to Remember, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Cornel Wilde, Merle Oberon, Paul Muni, genre is biography. Release year is 1945, title is The Southerner, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Renoir, cast is Zachary Scott, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is The Spanish Main, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Paul Henreid, genre is adventure. Release year is 1945, title is Spellbound, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Gregory Peck, Ingrid Bergman, genre is suspense. Release year is 1945, title is State Fair, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Jeanne Crain, Dana Andrews, Dick Haymes, Vivian Blaine, Fay Bainter, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Stork Club, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Walker, cast is Betty Hutton, Barry Fitzgerald, genre is musical. Release year is 1945, title is The Story of G.I. Joe, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is Burgess Meredith, Robert Mitchum, genre is war. Release year is 1945, title is The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is George Sanders, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Ella Raines, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Strange Confession, ethnicity is American, director is John Hoffman, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Brenda Joyce, genre is serial. Release year is 1945, title is Sudan, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Maria Montez, Jon Hall, genre is adventure. Release year is 1945, title is Swingin' on a Rainbow, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Jane Frazee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Tarzan and the Amazons, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Brenda Joyce, genre is adventure. Release year is 1945, title is Tee for Two, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1945, title is Tell It to a Star, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Ruth Terry, genre is musical. Release year is 1945, title is Ten Cents a Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Will Jason, cast is Jane Frazee, genre is musical. Release year is 1945, title is They Were Expendable, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Robert Montgomery, Donna Reed, genre is war. Release year is 1945, title is The Thin Man Goes Home, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, genre is mystery, comedy. Release year is 1945, title is This Man's Navy, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is Wallace Beery, Tom Drake, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Those Endearing Young Charms, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Robert Young, Laraine Day, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is A Thousand and One Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Cornel Wilde, Phil Silvers, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1945, title is Three Pests in a Mess, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1945, title is Thrill of a Romance, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Van Johnson, Esther Williams, Frances Gifford, genre is romance. Release year is 1945, title is Thunderhead, Son of Flicka, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Roddy McDowall, Preston Foster, Rita Johnson, genre is family, drama. Release year is 1945, title is The Tiger Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Ford, cast is Adele Mara, Peggy Stewart, genre is crime. Release year is 1945, title is Tonight and Every Night, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Saville, cast is Rita Hayworth, Lee Bowman, Janet Blair, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Dorothy McGuire, James Dunn, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Twice Blessed, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Lee and Lyn Wilde, Gail Patrick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Two O'Clock Courage, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Tom Conway, Ann Rutherford, genre is film noir. Release year is 1945, title is Under Western Skies, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Martha O'Driscoll, Noah Beery, Jr., genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is The Unseen, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Gail Russell, Joel McCrea, genre is thriller. Release year is 1945, title is Utah, ethnicity is American, director is John English, cast is Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, Peggy Stewart, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is The Vampire's Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is John Abbott, Adele Mara, Peggy Stewart, genre is horror. Release year is 1945, title is Voice of the Whistler, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Richard Dix, Lynn Merrick, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is A Walk in the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Dana Andrews, Richard Conte, genre is war drama. Release year is 1945, title is Wanderer of the Wasteland, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Grissell, cast is James Warren, Audrey Long, genre is western. Release year is 1945, title is Week-End at the Waldorf, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Lana Turner, Ginger Rogers, Walter Pidgeon, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1945, title is White Pongo, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Maris Wrixon, genre is adventure. Release year is 1945, title is Who's Guilty?, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Grissell, cast is Robert Kent, Amelita Ward, genre is serial. Release year is 1945, title is Within These Walls, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Thomas Mitchell, Mary Anderson, genre is drama. Release year is 1945, title is Without Love, ethnicity is American, director is Harold S. Bucquet, cast is Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is The Woman in Green, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is mystery. Release year is 1945, title is The Woman Who Came Back, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Colmes, cast is Nancy Kelly, John Loder, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Wonder Man, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Danny Kaye, Virginia Mayo, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is You Came Along, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Lizabeth Scott, Robert Cummings, genre is comedy. Release year is 1945, title is Zombies on Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Bela Lugosi, Anne Jeffreys, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Abie's Irish Rose, ethnicity is American, director is A. Edward Sutherland, cast is Michael Chekhov, Joanne Dru, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Abilene Town, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Randolph Scott, Ann Dvorak, Rhonda Fleming, Lloyd Bridges, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is Accomplice, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Colmes, cast is Richard Arlen, Veda Ann Borg, Tom Dugan, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is Angel on My Shoulder, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Paul Muni, Anne Baxter, Claude Rains, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1946, title is Anna and the King of Siam, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Irene Dunne, Rex Harrison, Linda Darnell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Baby Bottleneck, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Clampett, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animated. Release year is 1946, title is Bad Bascomb, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Wallace Beery, Margaret O'Brien, Marjorie Main, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is Badman's Territory, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Whelan, cast is Randolph Scott, Ann Richards, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is The Bamboo Blonde, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Frances Langford, genre is war. Release year is 1946, title is The Bandit of Sherwood Forest, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, Henry Levin, cast is Cornel Wilde, Anita Louise, Jill Esmond, Edgar Buchanan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1946, title is Baseball Bugs, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animated. Release year is 1946, title is The Beast with Five Fingers, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Robert Alda, Andrea King, Peter Lorre, Victor Francen, J. Carrol Naish, genre is horror. Release year is 1946, title is Because of Him, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Deanna Durbin, Charles Laughton, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is Beer Barrel Polecats, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1946, title is Bedlam, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Boris Karloff, Anna Lee, genre is thriller. Release year is 1946, title is Behind Green Lights, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Brower, cast is Carole Landis, William Gargan, Mary Anderson, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Best Years of Our Lives, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Fredric March, Myrna Loy, Dana Andrews, Teresa Wright, Virginia Mayo, Hoagy Carmichael, Harold Russell, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Beware, ethnicity is American, director is Bud Pollard, cast is Louis Jordan, Frank L. Wilson, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Big Sleep, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Lauren Bacall, Martha Vickers, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is A Bird in the Head, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1946, title is Black Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Dan Duryea, June Vincent, Peter Lorre, Broderick Crawford, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Black Beauty, ethnicity is American, director is Max Nosseck, cast is Mona Freeman, Richard Denning, genre is family. Release year is 1946, title is The Blue Dahlia, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Alan Ladd, Veronica Lake, William Bendix, Hugh Beaumont, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Blue Skies, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Fred Astaire, Bing Crosby, Joan Caulfield, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is Boston Blackie and the Law, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Chester Morris, Trudy Marshall, Constance Dowling, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is Bowery Bombshell, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Teala Loring, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Bride Wore Boots, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Robert Cummings, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Brute Man, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Rondo Hatton, Jan Wiley, Tom Neal, genre is horror. Release year is 1946, title is Bunker Hill Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is I. Freleng, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated. Release year is 1946, title is Canyon Passage, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Dana Andrews, Brian Donlevy, Susan Hayward, Patricia Roc, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is The Cat Concerto, ethnicity is American, director is William Hanna, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1946, title is Centennial Summer, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Jeanne Crain, Cornel Wilde, Linda Darnell, Walter Brennan, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is The Chase, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Ripley, cast is Robert Cummings, Michèle Morgan, Steve Cochran, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Chick Carter, Detective, ethnicity is American, director is Derwin Abrahams, cast is Lyle Talbot, Julie Gibson, genre is serial. Release year is 1946, title is Child of Divorce, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Sharyn Moffett, Regis Toomey, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Cinderella Jones, ethnicity is American, director is Busby Berkeley, cast is Joan Leslie, Robert Alda, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is Claudia and David, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Dorothy McGuire, Robert Young, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is A Close Call for Boston Blackie, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Chester Morris, Lynn Merrick, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is The Cockeyed Miracle, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Audrey Totter, Cecil Kellaway, Frank Morgan, Keenan Wynn, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1946, title is Colonel Effingham's Raid, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Charles Coburn, Joan Bennett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Courage of Lassie, ethnicity is American, director is Fred M. Wilcox, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, genre is family. Release year is 1946, title is Crack-Up, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is Pat O'Brien, Claire Trevor, Herbert Marshall, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Criminal Court, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Martha O'Driscoll, Tom Conway, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is The Crimson Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Brannon, William Witney, cast is Charles Quigley, Linda Stirling, genre is serial. Release year is 1946, title is Dangerous Millions, ethnicity is American, director is James Tinling, cast is Kent Taylor, Dona Drake, genre is suspense. Release year is 1946, title is Dangerous Money, ethnicity is American, director is Terry O. Morse, cast is Sidney Toler, Gloria Warren, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is Dark Alibi, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Sidney Toler, Mantan Moreland, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is The Dark Corner, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Lucille Ball, Clifton Webb, William Bendix, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is The Dark Mirror, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Lew Ayres, Thomas Mitchell, genre is thriller. Release year is 1946, title is Daughter of Don Q, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is Lorna Gray, Kirk Alyn, genre is serial. Release year is 1946, title is Deadline at Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Clurman, cast is Susan Hayward, Paul Lukas, Bill Williams, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Death Valley, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Robert Lowery, Nat Pendleton, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is Deception, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Bette Davis, Paul Henreid, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Decoy, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Bernhard, cast is Jean Gillie, Edward Norris, Robert Armstrong, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Devotion, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Ida Lupino, Paul Henreid, Olivia de Havilland, genre is biography. Release year is 1946, title is The Diary of a Chambermaid, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Renoir, cast is Paulette Goddard, Burgess Meredith, Hurd Hatfield, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Ding Dong Williams, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Marcy McGuire, Anne Jeffreys, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Do You Love Me, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Harry James, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is Dragonwyck, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Gene Tierney, Walter Huston, Vincent Price, Spring Byington, Jessica Tandy, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Dressed to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, Patricia Morison, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is Duel in the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Gregory Peck, Joseph Cotten, Jennifer Jones, Lionel Barrymore, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is Easy to Wed, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Lucille Ball, Esther Williams, Van Johnson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Fabulous Suzanne, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Sekely, cast is Barbara Britton, Rudy Vallée, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Faithful in My Fashion, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Donna Reed, Tom Drake, genre is romance. Release year is 1946, title is The Falcon's Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Tom Conway, Myrna Dell, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is Fear, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Zeisler, cast is Peter Cookson, Warren William, Anne Gwynne, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Freddie Steps Out, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Dreifuss, cast is Freddie Stewart, June Preisser, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is From This Day Forward, ethnicity is American, director is John Berry, cast is Joan Fontaine, Mark Stevens, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is G.I. Wanna Home, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1946, title is Gallant Bess, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Rapf, cast is Marshall Thompson, George Tobias, genre is family, western. Release year is 1946, title is Gallant Journey, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Glenn Ford, Janet Blair, Charlie Ruggles, genre is historical. Release year is 1946, title is Gay Blades, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Jean Rogers, Allan Lane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Gay Cavalier, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Gilbert Roland, Martin Garralaga, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is Genius at Work, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Anne Jeffreys, Wally Brown, Alan Carney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Gilda, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Glenn Ford, Rita Hayworth, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is The Glass Alibi, ethnicity is American, director is W. Lee Wilder, cast is Maris Wrixon, Anne Gwynne, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is God's Country, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Emmett Tansey, cast is Robert Lowery, Helen Gilbert, Buster Keaton, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Green Years, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Saville, cast is Charles Coburn, Tom Drake, Beverly Tyler, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1946, title is A Guy Could Change, ethnicity is American, director is William K. Howard, cast is Allan Lane, Jane Frazee, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Hair-Raising Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Charles M. Jones, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated. Release year is 1946, title is The Harvey Girls, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Judy Garland, Ray Bolger, Angela Lansbury, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is Heartbeat, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Ginger Rogers, Jean-Pierre Aumont, genre is romance. Release year is 1946, title is Heldorado, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Roy Rogers, George "Gabby" Hayes, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is Her Kind of Man, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Janis Paige, Zachary Scott, Dane Clark, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is Her Sister's Secret, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Nancy Coleman, Margaret Lindsay, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Holiday in Mexico, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Jane Powell, Walter Pidgeon, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is Home Sweet Homicide, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Peggy Ann Garner, Randolph Scott, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is The Hoodlum Saint, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is William Powell, Esther Williams, Lewis Stone, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Hop Harrigan, ethnicity is American, director is Derwin Abrahams, cast is Jennifer Holt, William Bakewell, genre is serial. Release year is 1946, title is Hot Cargo, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Jean Rogers, William Gargan, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is House of Horrors, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Rondo Hatton, Robert Lowery, Virginia Grey, genre is horror. Release year is 1946, title is Humoresque, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is John Garfield, Joan Crawford, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1946, title is If I'm Lucky, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Vivian Blaine, Perry Como, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is In Fast Company, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is The Bowery Boys, Jane Randolph, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Inside Job, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Preston Foster, Ann Rutherford, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is The Invisible Informer, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Ford, cast is Linda Stirling, Adele Mara, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is It's Great to Be Young, ethnicity is American, director is Del Lord, cast is Leslie Brooks, Jeff Donnell, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is It's a Wonderful Life, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is James Stewart, Donna Reed, Lionel Barrymore, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1946, title is Janie Gets Married, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Joan Leslie, Ann Harding, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Johnny Comes Flying Home, ethnicity is American, director is Benjamin Stoloff, cast is Faye Marlowe, Martha Stewart, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Jolson Story, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Larry Parks, William Demarest, genre is biography. Release year is 1946, title is Junior Prom, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Dreifuss, cast is Judy Clark, Noel Neill, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Just Before Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Warner Baxter, Adele Roberts, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is The Kid from Brooklyn, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Danny Kaye, Virginia Mayo, Vera-Ellen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Killers, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Ava Gardner, Burt Lancaster, Edmond O'Brien, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Lady Luck, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Robert Young, Barbara Hale, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is A Letter for Evie, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Marsha Hunt, Hume Cronyn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Little Giant, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Little Iodine, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Jo Ann Marlowe, Irene Ryan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Little Mister Jim, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is James Craig, Butch Jenkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Live Wires, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Lost City of the Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Russell Hayden, Jane Adams, genre is serial. Release year is 1946, title is Lover Come Back, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is George Brent, Lucille Ball, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Madonna's Secret, ethnicity is American, director is Wilhelm Thiele, cast is Gail Patrick, Ann Rutherford, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is The Magnificent Rogue, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Rogell, cast is Lynne Roberts, Stephanie Bachelor, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Margie, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Jeanne Crain, Glenn Langan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Mask of Diijon, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Erich von Stroheim, Jeanne Bates, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Milky Waif, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1946, title is Miss Susie Slagle's, ethnicity is American, director is John Berry, cast is Veronica Lake, Sonny Tufts, Joan Caulfield, genre is romance. Release year is 1946, title is Monkey Businessmen, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1946, title is Monsieur Beaucaire, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Bob Hope, Joan Caulfield, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is Mr. Ace, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is George Raft, Sylvia Sydney, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is My Darling Clementine, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Henry Fonda, Victor Mature, Walter Brennan, Linda Darnell, Cathy Downs, Ward Bond, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is My Reputation, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, genre is romance. Release year is 1946, title is Mysterious Intruder, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Richard Dix, Barton MacLane, Nina Vale, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is The Mysterious Mr. M, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Collins, V. Keays, cast is Richard Martin, Pamela Blake, genre is serial. Release year is 1946, title is The Mysterious Mr. Valentine, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Ford, cast is William Henry, Linda Stirling, Virginia Christine, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Never Say Goodbye, ethnicity is American, director is James Kern, cast is Errol Flynn, Eleanor Parker, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Night Editor, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is William Gargan, Janis Carter, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is A Night in Casablanca, ethnicity is American, director is Archie Mayo, cast is Marx Brothers, Sig Ruman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Night in Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Merle Oberon, Turhan Bey, Gale Sondergaard, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1946, title is Nobody Lives Forever, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is John Garfield, Geraldine Fitzgerald, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Nocturne, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is George Raft, Lynn Bari, Virginia Huston, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Notorious, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Cary Grant, Ingrid Bergman, Claude Rains, Louis Calhern, genre is suspense. Release year is 1946, title is The Notorious Lone Wolf, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Gerald Mohr, Janis Carter, Eric Blore, genre is adventure. Release year is 1946, title is Of Human Bondage, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Paul Henreid, Eleanor Parker, Janis Paige, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is One More Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Ann Sheridan, Jane Wyman, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is O.S.S., ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Alan Ladd, Geraldine Fitzgerald, genre is suspense. Release year is 1946, title is Passkey to Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Stephanie Bachelor, Adele Mara, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Phantom Rider, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is Robert Kent, genre is serial. Release year is 1946, title is The Postman Always Rings Twice, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Lana Turner, John Garfield, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Racketeer Rabbit, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animation. Release year is 1946, title is The Razor's Edge, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Tyrone Power, Gene Tierney, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Rendezvous with Annie, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Eddie Albert, Faye Marlowe, Gail Patrick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Return of Monte Cristo, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Louis Hayward, Barbara Britton, genre is adventure. Release year is 1946, title is Rhythm and Weep, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1946, title is Road to Utopia, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Walker, cast is Bing Crosby, Bob Hope, Dorothy Lamour, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1946, title is A Scandal in Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is George Sanders, Carole Landis, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Scarlet Horseman, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, Ray Taylor, cast is Peter Cookson, Paul Guilfoyle, genre is serial. Release year is 1946, title is The Secret Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Claudette Colbert, Walter Pidgeon, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Secret of the Whistler, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Richard Dix, Leslie Brooks, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1946, title is Sentimental Journey, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Maureen O'Hara, John Payne, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Shadowed, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Anita Louise, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1946, title is She-Wolf of London, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is June Lockhart, Don Porter, genre is horror. Release year is 1946, title is Shock, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Vincent Price, Lynn Bari, Frank Latimore, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is The Show-Off, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Red Skelton, Marilyn Maxwell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Sister Kenny, ethnicity is American, director is Dudley Nichols, Jack Gage, cast is Rosalind Russell, Alexander Knox, genre is biography. Release year is 1946, title is So Dark the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Steven Geray, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is So Goes My Love, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Ryan, cast is Myrna Loy, Don Ameche, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Solid Serenade, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1946, title is Somewhere in the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is John Hodiak, Lloyd Nolan, Nancy Guild, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Specter of the Rose, ethnicity is American, director is Ben Hecht, cast is Judith Anderson, Lionel Stander, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Spider Woman Strikes Back, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Gale Sondergaard, Kirby Grant, Brenda Joyce, genre is horror. Release year is 1946, title is The Spiral Staircase, ethnicity is American, director is Dore Schary, cast is Dorothy McGuire, George Brent, genre is thriller. Release year is 1946, title is Springtime for Thomas, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1946, title is Stagecoach to Denver, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Allan Lane, Peggy Stewart, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is Step by Step, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Rosen, cast is Lawrence Tierney, Anne Jeffreys, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is A Stolen Life, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Bette Davis, Glenn Ford, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Strange Love of Martha Ivers, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Van Heflin, Lizabeth Scott, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is The Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Orson Welles, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Loretta Young, Orson Welles, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is The Strange Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Hedy Lamarr, George Sanders, Louis Hayward, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Susie Steps Out, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is David Bruce, Margaret Dumont, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Suspense, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Barry Sullivan, Belita, Albert Dekker, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Swing Parade of 1946, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Three Stooges, Gale Storm, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Tangier, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is Maria Montez, Robert Paige, Sabu, genre is thriller. Release year is 1946, title is Tars and Spars, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Alfred Drake, Janet Blair, genre is action. Release year is 1946, title is Tarzan and the Leopard Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Brenda Joyce, genre is adventure. Release year is 1946, title is Temptation, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Merle Oberon, George Brent, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Terror by Night, ethnicity is American, director is Roy William Neill, cast is Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is That Brennan Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Santell, cast is Mona Freeman, James Dunn, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is They Made Me a Killer, ethnicity is American, director is William C. Thomas, cast is Robert Lowery, Barbara Britton, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Three Little Girls in Blue, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is June Haver, Vera-Ellen, Vivian Blaine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Three Little Pirates, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1946, title is Three Loan Wolves, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1946, title is Three Strangers, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Sydney Greenstreet, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Peter Lorre, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is The Three Troubledoers, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1946, title is The Thrill of Brazil, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Ann Miller, Evelyn Keyes, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is The Time of Their Lives, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Abbott and Costello, Marjorie Reynolds, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Time, the Place and the Girl, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Dennis Morgan, Janis Paige, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is To Each His Own, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Olivia de Havilland, John Lund, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Tomorrow Is Forever, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Claudette Colbert, Orson Welles, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is The Trap, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Sidney Toler, Victor Sen Yung, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is Trap Happy, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1946, title is The Truth About Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Bonita Granville, Rita Corday, genre is mystery. Release year is 1946, title is Two Sisters from Boston, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Kathryn Grayson, June Allyson, Peter Lawford, Jimmy Durante, genre is musical. Release year is 1946, title is Two Smart People, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Lucille Ball, John Hodiak, Lloyd Nolan, genre is crime. Release year is 1946, title is Two Years Before the Mast, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Alan Ladd, Barry Fitzgerald, Esther Fernandez, genre is adventure. Release year is 1946, title is Undercurrent, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Robert Mitchum, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Uncivil War Birds, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1946, title is The Unknown, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Karen Morley, Jeff Donnell, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is Up Goes Maisie, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Ann Sothern, George Murphy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Vacation in Reno, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Jack Haley, Anne Jeffreys, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is The Verdict, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Peter Lorre, Sydney Greenstreet, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is The Virginian, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Gilmore, cast is Joel McCrea, Brian Donlevy, genre is western. Release year is 1946, title is Wake Up and Dream, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is John Payne, June Haver, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Well-Groomed Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Ray Milland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Whistle Stop, ethnicity is American, director is Léonide Moguy, cast is George Raft, Ava Gardner, genre is film noir. Release year is 1946, title is Wife Wanted, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Kay Francis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is Without Reservations, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Claudette Colbert, John Wayne, genre is comedy. Release year is 1946, title is A Yank in London, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Wilcox, cast is Rex Harrison, Anna Neagle, Dean Jagger, genre is drama. Release year is 1946, title is The Yearling, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Gregory Peck, Jane Wyman, Claude Jarman, Jr., genre is family, drama. Release year is 1946, title is Young Widow, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Jane Russell, Louis Hayward, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is 13 Rue Madeleine, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is James Cagney, Richard Conte, Annabella, genre is spy. Release year is 1947, title is Adventure Island, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Rhonda Fleming, Rory Calhoun, genre is adventure. Release year is 1947, title is Always Together, ethnicity is American, director is Fred de Cordova, cast is Joyce Reynolds, Robert Hutton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Angel and the Badman, ethnicity is American, director is James Edward Grant, cast is John Wayne, Gail Russell, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is Apache Rose, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is The Arnelo Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Arch Oboler, cast is John Hodiak, Frances Gifford, genre is crime. Release year is 1947, title is The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is Cary Grant, Shirley Temple, Myrna Loy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Backlash, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Jean Rogers, Richard Travis, genre is crime. Release year is 1947, title is Banjo, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Sharyn Moffett, Walter Reed, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Beginning or the End, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Brian Donlevy, Hume Cronyn, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Big Fix, ethnicity is American, director is James Flood, cast is Sheila Ryan, Regis Toomey, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Bishop's Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Cary Grant, David Niven, Loretta Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Black Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Anthony Quinn, Katherine De Mille, genre is adventure. Release year is 1947, title is Blackmail, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Ricardo Cortez, Adele Mara, genre is crime. Release year is 1947, title is Blaze of Noon, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Anne Baxter, William Holden, Sonny Tufts, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Blind Spot, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Gordon, cast is Chester Morris, Constance Dowling, genre is suspense. Release year is 1947, title is Blondie's Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is Abby Berlin, cast is Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Body and Soul, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is John Garfield, Lilli Palmer, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Boomerang, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Dana Andrews, Jane Wyatt, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Born to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Lawrence Tierney, Claire Trevor, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is The Brasher Doubloon, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is George Montgomery, Nancy Guild, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1947, title is Brute Force, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Burt Lancaster, Hume Cronyn, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Buck Privates Come Home, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Bulldog Drummond at Bay, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Ron Randell, Anita Louise, genre is mystery. Release year is 1947, title is Bury Me Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Vorhaus, cast is Cathy O'Donnell, June Lockhart, Hugh Beaumont, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Bush Pilot, ethnicity is American, director is Sterling Campbell, cast is Rochelle Hudson, Jack La Rue, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Calcutta, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Alan Ladd, Gail Russell, genre is crime. Release year is 1947, title is Calendar Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Jane Frazee, Gail Patrick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is California, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Ray Milland, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is Captain from Castile, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Tyrone Power, Jean Peters, Cesar Romero, genre is historical. Release year is 1947, title is Carnegie Hall, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Marsha Hunt, William Prince, genre is musical. Release year is 1947, title is Cass Timberlane, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Spencer Tracy, Lana Turner, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Cheyenne, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Jane Wyman, Dennis Morgan, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is The Chinese Ring, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Roland Winters, Warren Douglas, genre is mystery. Release year is 1947, title is Christmas Eve, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is George Raft, Randolph Scott, Joan Blondell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Copacabana, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Groucho Marx, Carmen Miranda, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is The Corpse Came C.O.D., ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is George Brent, Joan Blondell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is The Crimson Key, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Kent Taylor, Doris Dowling, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Crossfire, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Robert Young, Robert Mitchum, Robert Ryan, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Cry Wolf, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Errol Flynn, Barbara Stanwyck, genre is mystery. Release year is 1947, title is Curley, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Carr, cast is Billy Gray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Cynthia, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Daisy Kenyon, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Joan Crawford, Henry Fonda, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Dangerous Years, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Pierson, cast is Billy Halop, Ann E. Todd, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Dark Delusion, ethnicity is American, director is Willis Goldbeck, cast is Lionel Barrymore, James Craig, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Dark Passage, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Lauren Bacall, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Dead Reckoning, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Lizabeth Scott, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Deep Valley, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Ida Lupino, Dane Clark, Fay Bainter, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Desert Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Lizabeth Scott, Burt Lancaster, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Desperate, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Steve Brodie, Audrey Long, Raymond Burr, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Devil Thumbs a Ride, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Lawrence Tierney, Ted North, Betty Lawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Devil on Wheels, ethnicity is American, director is Crane Wilbur, cast is Darryl Hickman, Terry Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Dick Tracy Meets Gruesome, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Ralph Byrd, Anne Gwynne, Boris Karloff, genre is thriller. Release year is 1947, title is Dick Tracy's Dilemma, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Ralph Byrd, Kay Christopher, Jack Lambert, genre is crime. Release year is 1947, title is Dishonored Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Hedy Lamarr, Dennis O'Keefe, John Loder, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Down to Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Rita Hayworth, Larry Parks, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1947, title is Dreams That Money Can Buy, ethnicity is American, director is Hans Richter, cast is Jack Bittner, genre is experimental. Release year is 1947, title is The Egg and I, ethnicity is American, director is Chester Erskine, cast is Fred MacMurray, Claudette Colbert, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Escape Me Never, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Errol Flynn, Ida Lupino, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Exile, ethnicity is American, director is Max Ophüls, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Maria Montez, Rita Corday, genre is adventure. Release year is 1947, title is The Fabulous Joe, ethnicity is American, director is Harve Foster, cast is Walter Abel, Marie Wilson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Fall Guy, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Leo Penn, Teala Loring, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Farmer's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Loretta Young, Joseph Cotten, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Fear in the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Maxwell Shane, cast is DeForest Kelley, Paul Kelly, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Fiesta, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Esther Williams, Ricardo Montalban, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Flame, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is John Carroll, Vera Ralston, Robert Paige, Blanche Yurka, Broderick Crawford, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is For the Love of Rusty, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Tom Powers, Ann Doran, genre is family. Release year is 1947, title is Forever Amber, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Linda Darnell, Cornel Wilde, George Sanders, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is For You I Die, ethnicity is American, director is John Reinhardt, cast is Cathy Downs, Paul Langton, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is The Foxes of Harrow, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Rex Harrison, Maureen O'Hara, genre is adventure. Release year is 1947, title is Framed, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Glenn Ford, Janis Carter, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is The Fugitive, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Henry Fonda, Dolores del Río, Pedro Armendáriz, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Fun and Fancy Free, ethnicity is American, director is 4 directors, cast is Edgar Bergen, Dinah Shore, genre is animated. Release year is 1947, title is The Gangster, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Wiles, cast is Barry Sullivan, Belita, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Gentleman's Agreement, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Gregory Peck, John Garfield, Dorothy McGuire, Celeste Holm, Jane Wyatt, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Gene Tierney, Rex Harrison, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Golden Earrings, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Ray Milland, Marlene Dietrich, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Good News, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is June Allyson, Peter Lawford, Mel Tormé, genre is musical. Release year is 1947, title is Green Dolphin Street, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Saville, cast is Lana Turner, Van Heflin, Donna Reed, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Guilt of Janet Ames, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Rosalind Russell, Melvyn Douglas, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Guilty, ethnicity is American, director is John Reinhardt, cast is Bonita Granville, Don Castle, Regis Toomey, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Gunfighters, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is Randolph Scott, Barbara Britton, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is Half-Wits Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Heaven Only Knows, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Robert Cummings, Brian Donlevy, Marjorie Reynolds, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is High Barbaree, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Van Johnson, June Allyson, genre is war. Release year is 1947, title is High Tide, ethnicity is American, director is John Reinhardt, cast is Lee Tracy, Julie Bishop, genre is crime. Release year is 1947, title is High Wall, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Robert Taylor, Audrey Totter, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1947, title is Hold That Lion!, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1947, title is Honeymoon, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Shirley Temple, Franchot Tone, Guy Madison, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1947, title is The Hucksters, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Clark Gable, Deborah Kerr, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is I Cover Big Town, ethnicity is American, director is William C. Thomas, cast is Hillary Brooke, Phillip Reed, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is If Winter Comes, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Saville, cast is Walter Pidgeon, Deborah Kerr, Angela Lansbury, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is I'll Be Yours, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Deanna Durbin, Tom Drake, William Bendix, Adolphe Menjou, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1947, title is The Imperfect Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Ray Milland, Teresa Wright, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Intrigue, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is George Raft, Helena Carter, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Invisible Wall, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Forde, cast is Virginia Christine, Don Castle, genre is suspense. Release year is 1947, title is It Had to Be You, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Ginger Rogers, Cornel Wilde, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is It Happened in Brooklyn, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Whorf, cast is Frank Sinatra, Jimmy Durante, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is It Happened on 5th Avenue, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Don DeFore, Ann Harding, Charles Ruggles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Ivy, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Joan Fontaine, Richard Ney, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is I Wonder Who's Kissing Her Now, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is June Haver, Mark Stevens, genre is musical. Release year is 1947, title is Joe Palooka in the Knockout, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Joe Kirkwood, Jr., Leon Errol, Trudy Marshall, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Johnny O'Clock, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is Dick Powell, Evelyn Keyes, Lee J. Cobb, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Keeper of the Bees, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Gloria Henry, Jane Darwell, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Key Witness, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Trudy Marshall, John Beal, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1947, title is Killer Dill, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, cast is Stuart Erwin, Anne Gwynne, Mike Mazurki, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Kiss of Death, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Victor Mature, Brian Donlevy, Richard Widmark, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is The Lady from Shanghai, ethnicity is American, director is Orson Welles, cast is Rita Hayworth, Orson Welles, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Lady in the Lake, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Montgomery, cast is Robert Montgomery, Audrey Totter, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is The Late George Apley, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Ronald Colman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Life with Father, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is William Powell, Irene Dunne, Elizabeth Taylor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is A Likely Story, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Barbara Hale, Bill Williams, Sam Levene, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is The Lone Wolf in London', ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Gerald Mohr, Nancy Saunders, genre is mystery. Release year is 1947, title is The Lone Wolf in Mexico, ethnicity is American, director is D. Ross Lederman, cast is Gerald Mohr, Jacqueline deWit, genre is mystery. Release year is 1947, title is The Long Night, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Henry Fonda, Barbara Bel Geddes, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Lost Honeymoon, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is Franchot Tone, Ann Richards, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is The Lost Moment, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Gabel, cast is Susan Hayward, Robert Cummings, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Love and Learn, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Jack Carson, Martha Vickers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Love from a Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Whorf, cast is John Hodiak, Sylvia Sidney, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Lured, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Lucille Ball, Charles Coburn, Boris Karloff, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is The Macomber Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Zoltan Korda, cast is Gregory Peck, Joan Bennett, Robert Preston, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Magic Town, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is James Stewart, Jane Wyman, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Man I Love, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Ida Lupino, Robert Alda, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Michigan Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Taylor, cast is Jon Hall, Victor McLaglen, Rita Johnson, Andy Devine, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is The Mighty McGurk, ethnicity is American, director is John Waters, cast is Wallace Beery, Dean Stockwell, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Millerson Case, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Warner Baxter, Nancy Saunders, genre is crime. Release year is 1947, title is Miracle on 34th Street, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Edmund Gwenn, Maureen O'Hara, John Payne, Natalie Wood, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Monsieur Verdoux, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charles Chaplin, Martha Raye, William Frawley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Mother Wore Tights, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Betty Grable, Dan Dailey, Mona Freeman, genre is musical. Release year is 1947, title is Mourning Becomes Electra, ethnicity is American, director is Dudley Nichols, cast is Rosalind Russell, Michael Redgrave, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is My Brother Talks to Horses, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Butch Jenkins, Peter Lawford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is My Wild Irish Rose, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Dennis Morgan, Arlene Dahl, Andrea King, genre is musical. Release year is 1947, title is Nightmare Alley, ethnicity is American, director is Edmond Goulding, cast is Tyrone Power, Joan Blondell, Coleen Gray, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Nora Prentiss, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Ann Sheridan, Kent Smith, Robert Alda, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Other Love, ethnicity is American, director is Andre DeToth, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, David Niven, Richard Conte, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Out of the Blue, ethnicity is American, director is Leigh Jason, cast is Virginia Mayo, Ann Dvorak, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Out of the Past, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jane Greer, Kirk Douglas, Rhonda Fleming, Steve Brodie, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is The Paradine Case, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Gregory Peck, Charles Laughton, Alida Valli, Ann Todd, Ethel Barrymore, Louis Jourdan, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Perils of Pauline, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Betty Hutton, John Lund, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Pirates of Monterey, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Maria Montez, Rod Cameron, Gilbert Roland, genre is adventure. Release year is 1947, title is Possessed, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Joan Crawford, Van Heflin, Raymond Massey, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is The Pretender, ethnicity is American, director is W. Lee Wilder, cast is Albert Dekker, Catherine Craig, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is The Private Affairs of Bel Ami, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Lewin, cast is George Sanders, Angela Lansbury, Ann Dvorak, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Pursued, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Robert Mitchum, Teresa Wright, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Queen of the Amazons, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Finney, cast is Patricia Morison, genre is adventure. Release year is 1947, title is Railroaded!, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is John Ireland, Hugh Beaumont, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Ramrod, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Joel McCrea, Veronica Lake, Donald Crisp, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is The Red House, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Judith Anderson, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Repeat Performance, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Louis Hayward, Joan Leslie, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Ride the Pink Horse, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Montgomery, cast is Robert Montgomery, Wanda Hendrix, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Riffraff, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is Pat O'Brien, Walter Slezak, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Road to Rio, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Bob Hope, Bing Crosby, Dorothy Lamour, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is The Romance of Rosy Ridge, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Van Johnson, Thomas Mitchell, Janet Leigh, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Scared to Death, ethnicity is American, director is Christy Cabanne, cast is Bela Lugosi, George Zucco, genre is horror. Release year is 1947, title is The Sea of Grass, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Danny Kaye, Virginia Mayo, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Seven Were Saved, ethnicity is American, director is William H. Pine, cast is Richard Denning, Catherine Craig, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Shocking Miss Pilgrim, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Betty Grable, Dick Haymes, Anne Revere, genre is musical. Release year is 1947, title is The Sin of Harold Diddlebock, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Harold Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Sinbad the Sailor, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Maureen O'Hara, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1947, title is Sing a Song of Six Pants, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1947, title is Smash-Up, the Story of a Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Susan Hayward, Eddie Albert, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Song of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Paul Henreid, Robert Walker, genre is biopic. Release year is 1947, title is Song of Scheherazade, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Reisch, cast is Yvonne De Carlo, Jean-Pierre Aumont, Eve Arden, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1947, title is Song of the Thin Man, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is William Powell, Myrna Loy, Patricia Morison, genre is mystery. Release year is 1947, title is Tarzan and the Huntress, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Patricia Morison, genre is adventure. Release year is 1947, title is T-Men, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is That Hagen Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Ronald Reagan, Shirley Temple, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is That's My Man, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Don Ameche, Catherine McLeod, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1947, title is That Way with Women, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Dane Clark, Martha Vickers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is They Won't Believe Me, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Susan Hayward, Robert Young, Jane Greer, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is This Time for Keeps, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Esther Williams, Jimmy Durante, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is Too Many Winners, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Hugh Beaumont, Trudy Marshall, genre is mystery. Release year is 1947, title is Trail Street, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Randolph Scott, Robert Ryan, genre is western. Release year is 1947, title is The Two Mrs. Carrolls, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Humphrey Bogart, Alexis Smith, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Unconquered, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Gary Cooper, Paulette Goddard, Howard Da Silva, genre is adventure. Release year is 1947, title is Undercover Maisie, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Ann Sothern, Barry Nelson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is The Unfaithful, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Ann Sheridan, Lew Ayres, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Unfinished Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Cyd Charisse, Margaret O'Brien, Danny Thomas, genre is musical. Release year is 1947, title is The Unsuspected, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Claude Rains, Audrey Totter, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Velvet Touch, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Gage, cast is Rosalind Russell, Claire Trevor, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Vigilante, ethnicity is American, director is Wallace Fox, cast is Ralph Byrd, genre is action. Release year is 1947, title is Violence, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Bernhard, cast is Nancy Coleman, Michael O'Shea, genre is crime. Release year is 1947, title is The Voice of the Turtle, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Ronald Reagan, Eleanor Parker, Eve Arden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is The Web, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Vincent Price, Edmond O'Brien, genre is film noir. Release year is 1947, title is Welcome Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Bing Crosby, Joan Caulfield, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is Whispering City, ethnicity is American, director is Fyodor Ostep, cast is Paul Lukas, Helmut Dantine, genre is drama. Release year is 1947, title is The Wistful Widow of Wagon Gap, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1947, title is The Woman on the Beach, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Renoir, cast is Joan Bennett, Robert Ryan, Charles Bickford, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is 3 Godfathers, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Harry Carey, Jr., Pedro Armendáriz, Mae Marsh, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is A-Lad-In His Lamp, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated. Release year is 1948, title is Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, Lon Chaney Jr., Bela Lugosi, Glenn Strange, genre is comedy, horror. Release year is 1948, title is An Act of Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Fredric March, Edmond O'Brien, Florence Eldridge, genre is mystery. Release year is 1948, title is Act of Violence, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Van Heflin, Robert Ryan, Janet Leigh, Mary Astor, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Adventures of Don Juan, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Errol Flynn, Viveca Lindfors, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is Adventures of Gallant Bess, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Cameron Mitchell, Audrey Long, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Albuquerque, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Randolph Scott, Barbara Britton, George "Gabby" Hayes, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Alias a Gentleman, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Beaumont, cast is Wallace Beery, Dorothy Patrick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is All My Sons, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Burt Lancaster, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Amazing Mr. X, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Vorhaus, cast is Turhan Bey, Lynn Bari, Cathy O'Donnell, genre is thriller. Release year is 1948, title is Angel on the Amazon, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is George Brent, Vera Ralston, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is Another Part of the Forest, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Fredric March, Florence Eldridge, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Apartment for Peggy, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Jeanne Crain, William Holden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Are You with It?, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hively, cast is Donald O'Connor, Olga San Juan, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Assigned to Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Gene Raymond, Noreen Nash, genre is crime. Release year is 1948, title is B.F.'s Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Van Heflin, Charles Coburn, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Babe Ruth Story, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is William Bendix, Claire Trevor, Charles Bickford, genre is biopic. Release year is 1948, title is Belle Starr's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is George Montgomery, Ruth Roman, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Berlin Express, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Merle Oberon, Robert Ryan, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Best Man Wins, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Anna Lee, Edgar Buchanan, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Beyond Glory, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Donna Reed, Alan Ladd, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Big City, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Robert Preston, George Murphy, Danny Thomas, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Big Clock, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Charles Laughton, Ray Milland, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Big Town Scandal, ethnicity is American, director is William C. Thomas, cast is Hillary Brooke, Phillip Reed, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Black Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Louis Hayward, Janet Blair, George Macready, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is Blonde Ice, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Bernhard, cast is Robert Paige, Leslie Brooks, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Blood on the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Robert Mitchum, Robert Preston, Barbara Bel Geddes, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Bodyguard, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Lawrence Tierney, Priscilla Lane, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is The Boy with Green Hair, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Losey, cast is Dean Stockwell, Pat O'Brien, Barbara Hale, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Buccaneer Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated short. Release year is 1948, title is Bugs Bunny Rides Again, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated short. Release year is 1948, title is Bungalow 13, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Tom Conway, Margaret Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Call Northside 777, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is James Stewart, Richard Conte, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Campus Honeymoon, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is Lee and Lyn Wilde, Adele Mara, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Canon City, ethnicity is American, director is Crane Wilbur, cast is Scott Brady, Jeff Corey, genre is crime. Release year is 1948, title is Casbah, ethnicity is American, director is John Berry, cast is Yvonne de Carlo, Tony Martin, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is The Challenge, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Tom Conway, June Vincent, genre is mystery. Release year is 1948, title is The Chicken of Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Patrick Allen, cast is Lowell Thomas, genre is short. Release year is 1948, title is Command Decision, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is Clark Gable, Walter Pidgeon, Van Johnson, genre is war. Release year is 1948, title is Congo Bill, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, Thomas Carr, cast is Don McGuire, Cleo Moore, genre is adventure, serial. Release year is 1948, title is Coroner Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Randolph Scott, Marguerite Chapman, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is The Countess of Monte Cristo, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick De Cordova, cast is Sonja Henie, Olga San Juan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Cry of the City, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Victor Mature, Richard Conte, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is The Dark Past, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is William Holden, Nina Foch, Lee J. Cobb, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is A Date with Judy, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Wallace Beery, Jane Powell, Elizabeth Taylor, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Deep Waters, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Jean Peters, Dana Andrews, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Disaster, ethnicity is American, director is William H. Pine, cast is Richard Denning, Trudy Marshall, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Dream Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Betty Hutton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is The Dude Goes West, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Eddie Albert, Gale Storm, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Easter Parade, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Fred Astaire, Judy Garland, Ann Miller, Peter Lawford, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Embraceable You, ethnicity is American, director is Felix Jacoves, cast is Dane Clark, Geraldine Brooks, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Emperor Waltz, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Bing Crosby, Joan Fontaine, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Enchantment, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is David Niven, Teresa Wright, genre is romance. Release year is 1948, title is Escape, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Rex Harrison, Peggy Cummins, genre is thriller. Release year is 1948, title is Every Girl Should Be Married, ethnicity is American, director is Don Hartman, cast is Cary Grant, Betsy Drake, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Feudin', Fussin' and A-Fightin', ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Donald O'Connor, Penny Edwards, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Fiddlers Three, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1948, title is Fighter Squadron, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Robert Stack, genre is war. Release year is 1948, title is Fighting Back, ethnicity is American, director is Malcolm St. Clair, cast is Jean Rogers, Paul Langton, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Fighting Father Dunne, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is Pat O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Force of Evil, ethnicity is American, director is Abraham Polonsky, cast is John Garfield, Beatrice Pearson, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1948, title is A Foreign Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Jean Arthur, Marlene Dietrich, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is For the Love of Mary, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Deanna Durbin, Edmond O'Brien, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Fort Apache, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Henry Fonda, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Four Faces West, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Joel McCrea, Frances Dee, Charles Bickford, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Fury at Furnace Creek, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Victor Mature, Coleen Gray, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is The Gentleman from Nowhere, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Warner Baxter, Fay Baker, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1948, title is Give My Regards to Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Dan Dailey, Fay Bainter, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is The Golden Eye, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Roland Winters, Wanda McKay, genre is mystery. Release year is 1948, title is Good Sam, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Gary Cooper, Ann Sheridan, Edmund Lowe, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Gorilla My Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animated short. Release year is 1948, title is Green Grass of Wyoming, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Peggy Cummins, Charles Coburn, genre is family. Release year is 1948, title is The Green Promise, ethnicity is American, director is William D. Russell, cast is Marguerite Chapman, Walter Brennan, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Gun Smugglers, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Tim Holt, Martha Hyer, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Half Past Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is William Claxton, cast is Peggy Knudsen, Kent Taylor, genre is mystery. Release year is 1948, title is Hatch Up Your Troubles, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1948, title is Hazard, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Paulette Goddard, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Heart of Virginia, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Janet Martin, Robert Lowery, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Here Comes Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Guiol, cast is Joe Sawyer, William Tracy, Joan Woodbury, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is He Walked by Night, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, Anthony Mann, cast is Richard Basehart, Jack Webb, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Hills of Home, ethnicity is American, director is Fred M. Wilcox, cast is Edmund Gwenn, Janet Leigh, genre is family. Release year is 1948, title is Hollow Triumph, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Sekely, cast is Paul Henreid, Joan Bennett, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Homecoming, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Clark Gable, Lana Turner, Anne Baxter, genre is romance. Release year is 1948, title is Homicide for Three, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Audrey Long, Grant Withers, genre is mystery. Release year is 1948, title is Hop, Look and Listen, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animated short. Release year is 1948, title is The Hunted, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Bernhard, cast is Preston Foster, Belita, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1948, title is I, Jane Doe, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Vera Ralston, Ruth Hussey, genre is suspense. Release year is 1948, title is I Remember Mama, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Irene Dunne, Barbara Bel Geddes, genre is drama, comedy. Release year is 1948, title is I Walk Alone, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Burt Lancaster, Lizabeth Scott, Kirk Douglas, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is I Wouldn't Be in Your Shoes, ethnicity is American, director is William Nigh, cast is Don Castle, Elyse Knox, genre is mystery. Release year is 1948, title is Inner Sanctum, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Charles Russell, Mary Beth Hughes, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is An Innocent Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Fred MacMurray, Madeleine Carroll, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is The Iron Curtain, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney, June Havoc, genre is thriller. Release year is 1948, title is Isn't It Romantic?, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Veronica Lake, Billy De Wolfe, Pearl Bailey, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Joan of Arc, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Fleming, cast is Ingrid Bergman, José Ferrer, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Johnny Belinda, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Jane Wyman, Lew Ayres, Agnes Moorehead, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Julia Misbehaves, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Conway, cast is Greer Garson, Walter Pidgeon, Peter Lawford, Elizabeth Taylor, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1948, title is June Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Bretaigne Windust, cast is Bette Davis, Robert Montgomery, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Jungle Goddess, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis D. Collins, cast is George Reeves, Wanda McKay, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is Jungle Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Kristine Miller, Arthur Franz, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is Key Largo, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Lauren Bacall, Edward G. Robinson, Lionel Barrymore, Claire Trevor, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Kidnapped, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Roddy McDowall, Sue England, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Kiss the Blood Off My Hands, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Joan Fontaine, Burt Lancaster, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is The Kissing Bandit, ethnicity is American, director is Laslo Benedek, cast is Frank Sinatra, Kathryn Grayson, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Ladies of the Chorus, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Marilyn Monroe, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Larceny, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is John Payne, Joan Caulfield, Dan Duryea, Shelley Winters, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Let's Live Again, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert I. Leeds, cast is Hillary Brooke, Diana Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Let's Live a Little, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Hedy Lamarr, Robert Cummings, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Letter from an Unknown Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Max Ophüls, cast is Joan Fontaine, Louis Jourdan, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Loaded Pistols, ethnicity is American, director is John English, cast is Gene Autry, Barbara Britton, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is The Loves of Carmen, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Rita Hayworth, Glenn Ford, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Luck of the Irish, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Tyrone Power, Anne Baxter, Lee J. Cobb, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1948, title is Lulu Belle, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is Dorothy Lamour, George Montgomery, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Luxury Liner, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Whorf, cast is Jane Powell, George Brent, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is The Man from Colorado, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is William Holden, Glenn Ford, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Man-Eater of Kumaon, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Wendell Corey, Sabu, Joy Page, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is The Mating of Millie, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Evelyn Keyes, Glenn Ford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Mexican Hayride, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Mickey, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Irene Hervey, Hattie McDaniel, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Million Dollar Weekend, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Raymond, cast is Osa Massen, Gene Raymond, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1948, title is Miracle in Harlem, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Kemp, cast is Sheila Guyse, genre is thriller. Release year is 1948, title is The Miracle of the Bells, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Alida Valli, Fred MacMurray, Frank Sinatra, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Miraculous Journey, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Rory Calhoun, Virginia Grey, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Miss Tatlock's Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Haydn, cast is John Lund, Wanda Hendrix, Barry Fitzgerald, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Money Madness, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Hugh Beaumont, Frances Rafferty, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Moonrise, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Gail Russell, Dane Clark, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Cary Grant, Myrna Loy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is My Girl Tisa, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Lilli Palmer, Sam Wanamaker, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Naked City, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Barry Fitzgerald, Howard Duff, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Night Song, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Dana Andrews, Merle Oberon, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is No Orchids for Miss Blandish, ethnicity is American, director is St. John Leigh Clowes, cast is Jack La Rue, Linden Travers, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is No Minor Vices, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Dana Andrews, Lilli Palmer, Louis Jourdan, genre is romance. Release year is 1948, title is The Noose Hangs High, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Old Los Angeles, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Wild Bill Elliott, Catherine McLeod, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is One Touch of Venus, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Robert Walker, Ava Gardner, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is On Our Merry Way, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Paulette Goddard, Burgess Meredith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Open Secret, ethnicity is American, director is John Reinhardt, cast is John Ireland, Jane Randolph, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Paleface, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Bob Hope, Jane Russell, genre is comedy, western. Release year is 1948, title is The Pirate, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Gene Kelly, Judy Garland, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Pitfall, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Dick Powell, Lizabeth Scott, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Portrait of Jennie, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Jennifer Jones, Joseph Cotten, genre is romance. Release year is 1948, title is The Prince of Thieves, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Bretherton, cast is Patricia Morison, Jon Hall, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is Professor Tom, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1948, title is Race Street, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is George Raft, Marilyn Maxwell, William Bendix, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Rachel and the Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is William Holden, Loretta Young, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Raw Deal, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Claire Trevor, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Red River, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is John Wayne, Montgomery Clift, Walter Brennan, Joanne Dru, John Ireland, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Return of the Bad Men, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Randolph Scott, Robert Ryan, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is The Return of October, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Glenn Ford, Terry Moore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is River Lady, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Yvonne De Carlo, Dan Duryea, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Road House, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Ida Lupino, Cornel Wilde, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Romance on the High Seas, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Jack Carson, Janis Paige, Doris Day, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Rope, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is James Stewart, Farley Granger, John Dall, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Ruthless, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Zachary Scott, Martha Vickers, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Saigon, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is Alan Ladd, Veronica Lake, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is The Sainted Sisters, ethnicity is American, director is William D. Russell, cast is Veronica Lake, Joan Caulfield, George Reeves, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is The Saxon Charm, ethnicity is American, director is Claude Binyon, cast is Robert Montgomery, Susan Hayward, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Scudda Hoo! Scudda Hay!, ethnicity is American, director is F. Hugh Herbert, cast is June Haver, Lon McCallister, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is The Search, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Montgomery Clift, Aline MacMahon, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Secret Beyond the Door..., ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Joan Bennett, Michael Redgrave, genre is thriller. Release year is 1948, title is Shanghai Chest, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Roland Winters, Mantan Moreland, genre is mystery. Release year is 1948, title is Shed No Tears, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is June Vincent, Wallace Ford, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Sign of the Ram, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Susan Peters, Alexander Knox, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Silver River, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Errol Flynn, Ann Sheridan, Thomas Mitchell, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Sitting Pretty, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Robert Young, Maureen O'Hara, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Sleep, My Love, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Claudette Colbert, Don Ameche, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Slippy McGee, ethnicity is American, director is Albert H. Kelley, cast is Don "Red" Barry, Dale Evans, genre is crime. Release year is 1948, title is Smart Girls Don't Talk, ethnicity is American, director is Richard L. Bare, cast is Virginia Mayo, Bruce Bennett, genre is crime. Release year is 1948, title is Smart Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Blatt, cast is Constance Bennett, Brian Aherne, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Snake Pit, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Leo Genn, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is So Dear to My Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Harold D. Schuster, Hamilton Luske, cast is Burl Ives, Bobby Driscoll, Beulah Bondi, genre is animation. Release year is 1948, title is So Evil My Love, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Ray Milland, Geraldine Fitzgerald, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is A Song Is Born, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Danny Kaye, Virginia Mayo, Tommy Dorsey, Benny Goodman, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Song of Idaho, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Kirby Grant, June Vincent, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is A Southern Yankee, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Red Skelton, Arlene Dahl, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is State of the Union, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Station West, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Dick Powell, Jane Greer, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is The Strawberry Roan, ethnicity is American, director is John English, cast is Gene Autry, Gloria Henry, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Street Corner, ethnicity is American, director is Albert H. Kelley, cast is Johnny Duncan, Eddie Gribbon, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Street with No Name, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Mark Stevens, Richard Widmark, Lloyd Nolan, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Superman, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, Thomas Carr, cast is Kirk Alyn, Noel Neill, genre is serial. Release year is 1948, title is Sword of the Avenger, ethnicity is American, director is John Reinhardt, cast is Sigrid Gurie, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is Tenth Avenue Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Margaret O'Brien, Angela Lansbury, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Texas, Brooklyn and Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Diana Lynn, Guy Madison, genre is romance. Release year is 1948, title is Tex Granger, ethnicity is American, director is Derwin Abrahams, cast is Robert Kellard, genre is western, serial. Release year is 1948, title is That Lady in Ermine, ethnicity is American, director is Ernst Lubitsch, cast is Betty Grable, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is That Wonderful Urge, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Sinclair, cast is Tyrone Power, Gene Tierney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is They Live by Night, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Cathy O'Donnell, Farley Granger, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1948, title is Three Daring Daughters, ethnicity is American, director is Fred M. Wilcox, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Jane Powell, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is The Three Musketeers, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Gene Kelly, Van Heflin, Lana Turner, June Allyson, Angela Lansbury, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is The Time of Your Life, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is James Cagney, William Bendix, Wayne Morris, Jeanne Cagney, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1948, title is To the Ends of the Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Dick Powell, Signe Hasso, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1948, title is The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Walter Huston, Tim Holt, Bruce Bennett, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is Triple Threat, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Gloria Henry, Mary Stuart, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Trouble Preferred, ethnicity is American, director is James Tinling, cast is Peggy Knudsen, Lynne Roberts, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Two Guys from Texas, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Dennis Morgan, Jack Carson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Under California Stars, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Roy Rogers, Jane Frazee, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Unfaithfully Yours, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Rex Harrison, Linda Darnell, Rudy Vallée, Barbara Lawrence, genre is black comedy. Release year is 1948, title is Unknown Island, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Bernhard, cast is Virginia Grey, Richard Denning, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1948, title is Up in Central Park, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Deanna Durbin, Dick Haymes, Vincent Price, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is The Velvet Touch, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Gage, cast is Rosalind Russell, Leo Genn, Claire Trevor, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is The Vicious Circle, ethnicity is American, director is W. Lee Wilder, cast is Conrad Nagel, Fritz Kortner, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Wake of the Red Witch, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is John Wayne, Gail Russell, genre is adventure. Release year is 1948, title is Walk a Crooked Mile, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Louis Hayward, genre is film noir. Release year is 1948, title is Wallflower, ethnicity is American, director is Fred de Cordova, cast is Joyce Reynolds, Janis Paige, genre is comedy. Release year is 1948, title is The Walls of Jericho, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Cornel Wilde, Anne Baxter, Kirk Douglas, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Waterfront at Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Mary Beth Hughes, William Gargan, genre is crime. Release year is 1948, title is When My Baby Smiles at Me, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Betty Grable, Dan Dailey, Jack Oakie, June Havoc, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Whiplash, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Dane Clark, Zachary Scott, Eve Arden, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is Whispering Smith, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is Alan Ladd, Robert Preston, Brenda Marshall, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is The Winner's Circle, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Jean Willes, Morgan Farley, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is A Woman's Vengeance, ethnicity is American, director is Zoltan Korda, cast is Charles Boyer, Ann Blyth, Jessica Tandy, genre is mystery. Release year is 1948, title is The Woman from Tangier, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Daniels, cast is Adele Jergens, Stephen Dunne, genre is crime. Release year is 1948, title is The Woman in White, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Alexis Smith, Eleanor Parker, genre is drama. Release year is 1948, title is Words and Music, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Mickey Rooney, Janet Leigh, Betty Garrett, June Allyson, Gene Kelly, Perry Como, genre is musical. Release year is 1948, title is Yellow Sky, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Gregory Peck, Richard Widmark, Anne Baxter, genre is western. Release year is 1948, title is You Gotta Stay Happy, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Joan Fontaine, James Stewart, Eddie Albert, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1948, title is You Were Meant for Me, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Dan Dailey, Jeanne Crain, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is Abandoned, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Gale Storm, Jeff Chandler, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Abbott and Costello Meet the Killer, Boris Karloff, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, Boris Karloff, genre is comedy, horror. Release year is 1949, title is The Accused, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Loretta Young, Robert Cummings, Wendell Corey, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Act of Violence, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Van Heflin, Robert Ryan, Janet Leigh, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Adam's Rib, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, David Wayne, Tom Ewell, Jean Hagen, Judy Holliday, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Adventure in Baltimore, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wallace, cast is Shirley Temple, Robert Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Adventures of Sir Galahad, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is George Reeves, Lois Hall, genre is serial. Release year is 1949, title is Africa Screams, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, Clyde Beatty, Frank Buck, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Alias the Champ, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Audrey Long, Gorgeous George, genre is mystery. Release year is 1949, title is Alias Nick Beal, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Ray Milland, Audrey Totter, Thomas Mitchell, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is All the King's Men, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is Broderick Crawford, Mercedes McCambridge, John Ireland, Joanne Dru, John Derek, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Always Leave Them Laughing, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Milton Berle, Virginia Mayo, Bert Lahr, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Anna Lucasta, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Paulette Goddard, Gale Page, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Any Number Can Play, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Clark Gable, Alexis Smith, Wendell Corey, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Arson, Inc., ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Robert Lowery, Anne Gwynne, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Bad Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Audie Murphy, Jane Wyatt, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Bad Men of Tombstone, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Yordan, cast is Broderick Crawford, Barry Sullivan, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Bagdad, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Paul Christian, Vincent Price, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is Barbary Pirate, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Donald Woods, Trudy Marshall, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is The Barkleys of Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is Batman and Robin, ethnicity is American, director is S.G. Bennet, cast is Robert Lowery, Johnny Duncan, Jane Adams, genre is serial. Release year is 1949, title is Battleground, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is Van Johnson, Ricardo Montalbán, genre is war. Release year is 1949, title is The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend, ethnicity is American, director is Preston Sturges, cast is Betty Grable, Cesar Romero, Rudy Vallée, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Beyond the Forest, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Bette Davis, Joseph Cotten, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Big Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Lon McCallister, Peggy Ann Garner, Preston Foster, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is The Big Sombrero, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Gene Autry, Elena Verdugo, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is The Big Steal, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jane Greer, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Big Wheel, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Mickey Rooney, Thomas Mitchell, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Black Magic, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Orson Welles, Nancy Guild, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Border Incident, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Ricardo Montalbán, Howard Da Silva, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Bribe, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Robert Taylor, Ava Gardner, Charles Laughton, Vincent Price, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Bride for Sale, ethnicity is American, director is William D. Russell, cast is Claudette Colbert, Robert Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Bruce Gentry, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Bennet, cast is Tom Neal, Judy Clark, genre is serial. Release year is 1949, title is Calamity Jane and Sam Bass, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Yvonne De Carlo, Howard Duff, Dorothy Hart, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Canadian Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Randolph Scott, Jane Wyatt, J. Carrol Naish, genre is historic. Release year is 1949, title is Caught, ethnicity is American, director is Max Ophüls, cast is James Mason, Barbara Bel Geddes, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Champion, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Kirk Douglas, Arthur Kennedy, Marilyn Maxwell, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Chicken Every Sunday, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Dan Dailey, Celeste Holm, Colleen Townsend, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Chinatown at Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Seymour Friedman, cast is Hurd Hatfield, Jean Willes, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1949, title is City Across the River, ethnicity is American, director is Maxwell Shane, cast is Stephen McNally, Thelma Ritter, Sue England, Jeff Corey, Barbara Whiting, Tony Curtis, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is The Clay Pigeon, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Barbara Hale, Bill Williams, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1949, title is C-Man, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Lerner, cast is Dean Jagger, John Carradine, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Colorado Territory, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Joel McCrea, Virginia Mayo, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Come to the Stable, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Loretta Young, Celeste Holm, Hugh Marlowe, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Bing Crosby, Rhonda Fleming, Cedric Hardwicke, William Bendix, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Cover Up, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is William Bendix, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Criss Cross, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Burt Lancaster, Yvonne DeCarlo, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is The Crooked Way, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is John Payne, Ellen Drew, Sonny Tufts, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Dancing in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is William Powell, Betsy Drake, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is A Dangerous Profession, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is George Raft, Ella Raines, Pat O'Brien, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Daughter of the Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Lois Hall, Sheldon Leonard, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is Dear Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Haydn, cast is William Holden, Joan Caulfield, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is The Devil's Henchman, ethnicity is American, director is Seymour Friedman, cast is Warner Baxter, Mary Beth Hughes, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Doctor and the Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Glenn Ford, Gloria DeHaven, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Down to the Sea in Ships, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Richard Widmark, Lionel Barrymore, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is Duke of Chicago, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Audrey Long, Grant Withers, genre is sports. Release year is 1949, title is Dunked in the Deep, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1949, title is East Side, West Side, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, James Mason, Van Heflin, Ava Gardner, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1949, title is Easy Living, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Victor Mature, Lucille Ball, Lizabeth Scott, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Edward, My Son, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Spencer Tracy, Deborah Kerr, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Everybody Does It, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Paul Douglas, Linda Darnell, Celeste Holm, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Family Honeymoon, ethnicity is American, director is Claude Binyon, cast is Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Father Was a Fullback, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Fred MacMurray, Maureen O'Hara, Rudy Vallée, genre is family. Release year is 1949, title is The Fighting Kentuckian, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is John Wayne, Oliver Hardy, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is The Fighting O'Flynn, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Pierson, cast is Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Helena Carter, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is Flame of Youth, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Barbra Fuller, Danny Sue Nolan, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Flamingo Road, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Joan Crawford, Zachary Scott, Sydney Greenstreet, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Flaxy Martin, ethnicity is American, director is Richard L. Bare, cast is Virginia Mayo, Dorothy Malone, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Follow Me Quietly, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is William Lundigan, Dorothy Patrick, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Forbidden Street, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Dana Andrews, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Fountainhead, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Gary Cooper, Patricia Neal, Raymond Massey, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Gal Who Took the West, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Yvonne De Carlo, Scott Brady, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Ghost of Zorro, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Brannon, cast is Clayton Moore, Pamela Blake, genre is serial. Release year is 1949, title is The Glass Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Cass, cast is Michael Denison, Dulcie Gray, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Great Gatsby, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Alan Ladd, Ruth Hussey, Betty Field, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Great Lover, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Bob Hope, Rhonda Fleming, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is The Great Sinner, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Gregory Peck, Ava Gardner, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Hasty Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Ronald Reagan, Patricia Neal, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Heiress, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Montgomery Clift, Ralph Richardson, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Hellfire, ethnicity is American, director is R.G. Springsteen, cast is Wild Bill Elliott, Marie Windsor, Forrest Tucker, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Hideout, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Ford, cast is Lloyd Bridges, Lorna Gray, genre is suspense. Release year is 1949, title is Holiday Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Don Hartman, cast is Robert Mitchum, Janet Leigh, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Holiday in Havana, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarborough, cast is Desi Arnaz, Mary Hatcher, Ann Doran, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Home of the Brave, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Jeff Corey, Lloyd Bridges, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is House of Strangers, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Susan Hayward, Richard Conte, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., genre is crime drama. Release year is 1949, title is I Cheated the Law, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Tom Conway, Barbara Billingsley, genre is crime. Release year is 1949, title is I Married a Communist, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Laraine Day, Robert Ryan, John Agar, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is I Shot Jesse James, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Preston Foster, John Ireland, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is I Was a Male War Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Cary Grant, Ann Sheridan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Illegal Entry, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Marta Toren, Howard Duff, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Impact, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Brian Donlevy, Ella Raines, Charles Coburn, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Incident, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Jane Frazee, Joyce Compton, genre is crime. Release year is 1949, title is In the Good Old Summertime, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Judy Garland, Van Johnson, Buster Keaton, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is The Inspector General, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Danny Kaye, Walter Slezak, Barbara Bates, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1949, title is It Happens Every Spring, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Ray Milland, Jean Peters, Paul Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is It's a Great Feeling, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Doris Day, Jack Carson, Dennis Morgan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Jigsaw, ethnicity is American, director is Fletcher Markle, cast is Franchot Tone, Jean Wallace, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Johnny Allegro, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is George Raft, George Macready, Nina Foch, genre is crime. Release year is 1949, title is Johnny Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is Willis Goldbeck, cast is William Bendix, Hoagy Carmichael, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Johnny Stool Pigeon, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Shelley Winters, Howard Duff, Dan Duryea, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is The Judge Steps Out, ethnicity is American, director is Boris Ingster, cast is Ann Sothern, Alexander Knox, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is King of the Rocket Men, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Brannon, cast is Tris Coffin, Mae Clarke, genre is serial. Release year is 1949, title is A Kiss in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Jane Wyman, David Niven, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Knock on Any Door, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Humphrey Bogart, John Derek, George Macready, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Lady Takes a Sailor, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Jane Wyman, Dennis Morgan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is A Letter to Three Wives, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Linda Darnell, Ann Sothern, Jeanne Crain, Paul Douglas, Kirk Douglas, Jeffrey Lynn, Thelma Ritter, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Little Women, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Margaret O'Brien, June Allyson, Mary Astor, Janet Leigh, genre is family. Release year is 1949, title is The Lone Wolf and His Lady, ethnicity is American, director is John Hoffman, cast is Ron Randell, June Vincent, genre is mystery. Release year is 1949, title is Look for the Silver Lining, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is June Haver, Ray Bolger, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is Lost Boundaries, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Beatrice Pearson, Mel Ferrer, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Lost Tribe, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Elena Verdugo, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is Love Happy, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Marx Brothers, Vera-Ellen, Ilona Massey, Marion Hutton, Raymond Burr, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is The Lucky Stiff, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Claire Trevor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Lust for Gold, ethnicity is American, director is S. Sylvan Simon, cast is Glenn Ford, Ida Lupino, Gig Young, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Ma and Pa Kettle, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Marjorie Main, Percy Kilbride, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Madame Bovary, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Jennifer Jones, James Mason, Van Heflin, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Make Believe Ballroom, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Santley, cast is Ruth Warrick, Ron Randell, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Malaya, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Spencer Tracy, James Stewart, Sydney Greenstreet, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Malice in the Palace, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1949, title is Manhandled, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is Dorothy Lamour, Dan Duryea, Sterling Hayden, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Manhattan Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Dreifuss, cast is Gloria Jean, Patricia Barry, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Mighty Joe Young, ethnicity is American, director is Ernest B. Schoedsack, cast is Terry Moore, Robert Armstrong, Ben Johnson, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is Miss Grant Takes Richmond, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Lucille Ball, William Holden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Miss Mink of 1949, ethnicity is American, director is Glenn Tryon, cast is Lois Collier, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Mother Is a Freshman, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Loretta Young, Van Johnson, Rudy Vallée, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Mr. Belvedere Goes to College, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Clifton Webb, Shirley Temple, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Mr. Soft Touch, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Glenn Ford, Evelyn Keyes, genre is crime. Release year is 1949, title is Mrs. Mike, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Dick Powell, Evelyn Keyes, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is My Dream Is Yours, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Doris Day, Jack Carson, Eve Arden, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is My Friend Irma, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Neptune's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Esther Williams, Red Skelton, Ricardo Montalbán, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is Never Fear, ethnicity is American, director is Ida Lupino, cast is Sally Forrest, Hugh O'Brian, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Night Unto Night, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Ronald Reagan, Viveca Lindfors, Broderick Crawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Oh, You Beautiful Doll, ethnicity is American, director is John M. Stahl, cast is Mark Stevens, June Haver, Gale Robbins, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is Once More, My Darling, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Montgomery, cast is Robert Montgomery, Ann Blyth, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1949, title is One Last Fling, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Alexis Smith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is On the Town, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly, cast is Gene Kelly, Frank Sinatra, Ann Miller, Betty Garrett, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is Outpost in Morocco, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is George Raft, Marie Windsor, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is Pinky, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Jeanne Crain, Ethel Barrymore, Ethel Waters, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Post Office Investigator, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Audrey Long, Warren Douglas, genre is mystery. Release year is 1949, title is Port of New York, ethnicity is American, director is László Benedek, cast is Scott Brady, K. T. Stevens, Yul Brynner, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Prince of Foxes, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Tyrone Power, Orson Welles, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Reckless Moment, ethnicity is American, director is Max Ophüls, cast is James Mason, Joan Bennett, Geraldine Brooks, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Red Canyon, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Ann Blyth, Howard Duff, George Brent, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is The Red Danube, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Peter Lawford, Janet Leigh, Angela Lansbury, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Red, Hot and Blue, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Betty Hutton, Victor Mature, William Demarest, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Red Light, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is George Raft, Virginia Mayo, Raymond Burr, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is The Red Menace, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Robert Rockwell, Betty Lou Gerson, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is The Red Pony, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Myrna Loy, Robert Mitchum, Louis Calhern, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Red Stallion in the Rockies, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Jean Heather, Arthur Franz, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Reign of Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Robert Cummings, Arlene Dahl, genre is suspense. Release year is 1949, title is Riders of the Whistling Pines, ethnicity is American, director is John English, cast is Gene Autry, Patricia Barry, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Rimfire, ethnicity is American, director is B. Reeves Eason, cast is Mary Beth Hughes, James Millican, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Rope of Sand, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Burt Lancaster, Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is Roseanna McCoy, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is Farley Granger, Joan Evans, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Samson and Delilah, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Hedy Lamarr, Victor Mature, Angela Lansbury, genre is biblical drama. Release year is 1949, title is Sands of Iwo Jima, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is John Wayne, John Agar, Forrest Tucker, genre is war. Release year is 1949, title is Scene of the Crime, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Van Johnson, Arlene Dahl, genre is crime. Release year is 1949, title is Search for Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Bernhard, cast is John Calvert, Albert Dekker, genre is crime. Release year is 1949, title is The Secret Garden, ethnicity is American, director is Fred M. Wilcox, cast is Margaret O'Brien, Dean Stockwell, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Set-Up, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Robert Ryan, Audrey Totter, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is She Shoulda Said 'No'!, ethnicity is American, director is Sherman Scott, cast is Lila Leeds, genre is exploitation. Release year is 1949, title is She Wore a Yellow Ribbon, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Joanne Dru, Ben Johnson, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Shockproof, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Cornel Wilde, Patricia Knight, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Siren of Atlantis, ethnicity is American, director is Gregg Tallas, cast is Maria Montez, Jean Pierre Aumont, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Slattery's Hurricane, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Richard Widmark, Linda Darnell, Veronica Lake, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is So Dear to My Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Harold D. Schuster, cast is Burl Ives, Beulah Bondi, Harry Carey, genre is family. Release year is 1949, title is Sorrowful Jones, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Bob Hope, Lucille Ball, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is South of St. Louis, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Joel McCrea, Zachary Scott, Victor Jory, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Stampede, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Rod Cameron, Gale Storm, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is State Department: File 649, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Virginia Bruce, William Lundigan, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Strange Bargain, ethnicity is American, director is Will Price, cast is Martha Scott, Jeffrey Lynn, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is The Stratton Story, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wood, cast is James Stewart, June Allyson, genre is biography. Release year is 1949, title is Streets of Laredo, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is William Holden, William Bendix, Macdonald Carey, Mona Freeman, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is Streets of San Francisco, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Robert Armstrong, Mae Clarke, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Sun Comes Up, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Jeanette MacDonald, Claude Jarman, Jr., genre is family. Release year is 1949, title is Sword in the Desert, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Dana Andrews, Marta Toren, genre is war. Release year is 1949, title is Take One False Step, ethnicity is American, director is Chester Erskine, cast is Shelley Winters, William Powell, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Task Force, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Gary Cooper, Jane Wyatt, Walter Brennan, genre is war. Release year is 1949, title is Tell It to the Judge, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Rosalind Russell, Robert Cummings, genre is comedy. Release year is 1949, title is Tennis Chumps, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1949, title is Tension, ethnicity is American, director is John Berry, cast is Richard Basehart, Audrey Totter, Barry Sullivan, Cyd Charisse, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is That Forsyte Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Compton Bennett, cast is Errol Flynn, Greer Garson, Walter Pidgeon, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is That Midnight Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Kathryn Grayson, Mario Lanza, Jose Iturbi, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is They Live by Night, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Farley Granger, Cathy O'Donnell, Howard Da Silva, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Thieves' Highway, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Richard Conte, Lee J. Cobb, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is The Threat, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Michael O'Shea, Virginia Grey, genre is crime. Release year is 1949, title is Tokyo Joe, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Sessue Hayakawa, genre is war. Release year is 1949, title is Too Late for Tears, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Lizabeth Scott, Dan Duryea, Don DeFore, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Trapped, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Lloyd Bridges, John Hoyt, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Tulsa, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Susan Hayward, Robert Preston, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Twelve O'Clock High, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Gregory Peck, Gary Merrill, Dean Jagger, genre is war drama. Release year is 1949, title is The Undercover Man, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Glenn Ford, Nina Foch, James Whitmore, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1949, title is Undertow, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Scott Brady, John Russell, Dorothy Hart, Peggy Dow, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is The Walking Hills, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Randolph Scott, Ella Raines, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is We Were Strangers, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Jennifer Jones, John Garfield, Pedro Armendáriz, genre is adventure. Release year is 1949, title is Which Is Witch, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated. Release year is 1949, title is Whirlpool, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Gene Tierney, José Ferrer, Charles Bickford, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is White Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is James Cagney, Virginia Mayo, Edmond O'Brien, Steve Cochran, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is The Window, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is Bobby Driscoll, Barbara Hale, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is Without Honor, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Laraine Day, Dane Clark, Franchot Tone, genre is drama. Release year is 1949, title is A Woman's Secret, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Melvyn Douglas, Gloria Grahame, genre is film noir. Release year is 1949, title is Yes Sir, That's My Baby, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Donald O'Connor, Gloria DeHaven, genre is musical. Release year is 1949, title is The Younger Brothers, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Wayne Morris Bruce Bennett, Janis Paige, genre is western. Release year is 1949, title is You're My Everything, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Dan Dailey, Anne Baxter, Anne Revere, genre is musical. Release year is 1950, title is 8 Ball Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is 711 Ocean Drive, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Joanne Dru, Dorothy Patrick, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1950, title is Abbott and Costello in the Foreign Legion, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Abbott and Costello, Patricia Medina, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is The Admiral Was a Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Albert S. Rogell, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Wanda Hendrix, Steve Brodie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is All About Eve, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, Gary Merrill, Celeste Holm, George Sanders, Hugh Marlowe, Marilyn Monroe, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is American Guerrilla in the Philippines, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Tyrone Power, Micheline Presle, genre is war. Release year is 1950, title is Armored Car Robbery, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Charles McGraw, Adele Jergens, William Talman, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Asphalt Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Sterling Hayden, Louis Calhern, Sam Jaffe, James Whitmore, Marilyn Monroe, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is At War with the Army, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Walker, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Polly Bergen, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Atom Man vs. Superman, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is Kirk Alyn, Lyle Talbot, Noel Neill, genre is serial. Release year is 1950, title is The Avengers, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Adele Mara, John Carroll, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is Backfire, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Virginia Mayo, Gordon MacRae, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1950, title is The Bandit Queen, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Barbara Britton, Barton MacLane, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is The Baron of Arizona, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Vincent Price, Ellen Drew, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Bells of Coronado, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Between Midnight and Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Gale Storm, Mark Stevens, Gale Robbins, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1950, title is Big House Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is The Big Lift, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Montgomery Clift, Paul Douglas, Cornell Borchers, genre is war. Release year is 1950, title is Black Hand, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Gene Kelly, Teresa Celli, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1950, title is Black Jack, ethnicity is American, director is Julien Duvivier, cast is George Sanders, Herbert Marshall, Patricia Roc, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is The Black Rose, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Tyrone Power, Orson Welles, genre is historical. Release year is 1950, title is The Blonde Bandit, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Dorothy Patrick, Gerald Mohr, genre is crime. Release year is 1950, title is Blues Busters, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Bowery Boys, Adele Jergens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Boobs in the Woods, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Borderline, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Fred MacMurray, Claire Trevor, Raymond Burr, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Born to Be Bad, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Joan Fontaine, Robert Ryan, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Born Yesterday, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is William Holden, Judy Holliday, Broderick Crawford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Branded, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Alan Ladd, Mona Freeman, Charles Bickford, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is The Breaking Point, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is John Garfield, Patricia Neal, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Breakthrough, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is David Brian, John Agar, Frank Lovejoy, genre is war. Release year is 1950, title is Bright Leaf, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Gary Cooper, Lauren Bacall, Patricia Neal, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Broken Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is James Stewart, Jeff Chandler, Debra Paget, Will Geer, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Buccaneer's Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Yvonne De Carlo, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is Bushy Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Caged, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Eleanor Parker, Agnes Moorehead, Lee Patrick, Betty Garde, Hope Emerson, Sheila MacRae, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Canary Row, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Captain Carey, U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Alan Ladd, Wanda Hendrix, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is The Capture, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Lew Ayres, Teresa Wright, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Chain Gang, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Douglas Kennedy, Marjorie Lord, genre is crime. Release year is 1950, title is Champagne for Caesar, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Whorf, cast is Ronald Colman, Celeste Holm, Art Linkletter, Vincent Price, Barbara Britton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Cheaper by the Dozen, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Clifton Webb, Myrna Loy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Cinderella, ethnicity is American, director is 3 directors, cast is Ilene Woods, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Cody of the Pony Express, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is Jock O'Mahoney, Dickie Moore, genre is serial. Release year is 1950, title is Colt .45, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Randolph Scott, Ruth Roman, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Comanche Territory, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Macdonald Carey, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Convicted, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Glenn Ford, Broderick Crawford, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Copper Canyon, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Ray Milland, Hedy Lamarr, Mona Freeman, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Covered Wagon Raid, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Allan Lane, Lyn Thomas, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Crisis, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Cary Grant, José Ferrer, Paula Raymond, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Cue Ball Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Curtain Call at Cactus Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Donald O'Connor, Walter Brennan, Gale Storm, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Cyrano de Bergerac, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is José Ferrer, Mala Powers, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is D.O.A., ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Pamela Britton, Luther Adler, Beverly Garland, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Dakota Lil, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is George Montgomery, Marie Windsor, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Dallas, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Gary Cooper, Ruth Roman, Raymond Massey, Steve Cochran, Reed Hadley, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is The Damned Don't Cry!, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Joan Crawford, David Brian, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Dark City, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Charlton Heston, Lizabeth Scott, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Daughter of Rosie O'Grady, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is June Haver, Gordon MacRae, Debbie Reynolds, James Barton, Gene Nelson, genre is musical. Release year is 1950, title is Deported, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Marta Toren, Jeff Chandler, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Desert Hawk, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Yvonne De Carlo, Jackie Gleason, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is Destination Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Dick Wesson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1950, title is Destination Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Joyce MacKenzie, Hurd Hatfield, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Devil's Doorway, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Robert Taylor, Louis Calhern, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Dial 1119, ethnicity is American, director is Gerald Mayer, cast is Marshall Thompson, Virginia Field, Sam Levene, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Dopey Dicks, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1950, title is Duchess of Idaho, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Van Johnson, Esther Williams, genre is musical. Release year is 1950, title is Double Deal, ethnicity is American, director is Abby Berlin, cast is Marie Windsor, Fay Baker, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1950, title is The Eagle and the Hawk, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is John Payne, Rhonda Fleming, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Edge of Doom, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Dana Andrews, Farley Granger, Joan Evans, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Emergency Wedding, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Barbara Hale, Larry Parks, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Experiment Alcatraz, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Joan Dixon, John Howard, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Fancy Pants, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Lucille Ball, Bob Hope, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Father Is a Bachelor, ethnicity is American, director is Abby Berlin, Norman Foster, cast is William Holden, Coleen Gray, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Father of the Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Spencer Tracy, Elizabeth Taylor, Joan Bennett, Billie Burke, Leo G. Carroll, Don Taylor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is The File on Thelma Jordon, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Wendell Corey, Barbara Stanwyck, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Fireball, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Mickey Rooney, Pat O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is The Flame and the Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Burt Lancaster, Virginia Mayo, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is Flying Disc Man from Mars, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Brannon, cast is Walter Reed, Lois Collier, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is The Flying Missile, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Glenn Ford, Viveca Lindfors, genre is war. Release year is 1950, title is The Flying Saucer, ethnicity is American, director is Mikel Conrad, cast is Mikel Conrad, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1950, title is For Heaven's Sake, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Clifton Webb, Joan Bennett, Robert Cummings, Edmund Gwenn, Joan Blondell, genre is fantasy, comedy. Release year is 1950, title is A Fractured Leghorn, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Foghorn Leghorn, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is The Framed Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Francis, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Donald O'Connor, Patricia Medina, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Frenchie, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Shelley Winters, Joel McCrea, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Fugitive Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Janis Paige, Binnie Barnes, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is The Furies, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Walter Huston, Barbara Stanwyck, Wendell Corey, Judith Anderson, Gilbert Roland, genre is western, film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Glass Menagerie, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Jane Wyman, Kirk Douglas, Gertrude Lawrence, Arthur Kennedy, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Golden Yeggs, ethnicity is American, director is I. Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is The Great Rupert, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Jimmy Durante, Tom Drake, Terry Moore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Guilty Bystander, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Lerner, cast is Zachary Scott, Faye Emerson, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Gun Crazy, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Peggy Cummins, John Dall, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Gunfighter, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Gregory Peck, Helen Westcott, Karl Malden, Millard Mitchell, Skip Homeier, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Gunman in the Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Dane Clark, Simone Signoret, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Happy Years, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Dean Stockwell, Leo G. Carroll, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Harvey, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is James Stewart, Josephine Hull, Peggy Dow, Charles Drake, Cecil Kellaway, genre is fantasy, comedy. Release year is 1950, title is High Lonesome, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Le May, cast is John Drew Barrymore, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Highway 301, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Steve Cochran, Virginia Grey, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Hillbilly Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Homeless Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is House by the River, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Louis Hayward, Jane Wyatt, Lee Bowman, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Hugs and Mugs, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1950, title is Hurdy-Gurdy Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is I Was a Shoplifter, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Mona Freeman, Scott Brady, Charles Drake, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is I'll Get By, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is June Haver, William Lundigan, genre is musical. Release year is 1950, title is In a Lonely Place, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Gloria Grahame, Frank Lovejoy, Jeff Donnell, Art Smith, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Invisible Monster, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Brannon, cast is Richard Webb, Aline Towne, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is The Iroquois Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is George Montgomery, Brenda Marshall, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is The Jackie Robinson Story, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Jackie Robinson, Ruby Dee, genre is biography. Release year is 1950, title is Jerry's Cousin, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Johnny One-Eye, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Florey, cast is Pat O'Brien, Wayne Morris, Dolores Moran, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Kangaroo Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Martha Hyer, Veda Ann Borg, Jock Mahoney, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Kansas Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Audie Murphy, Brian Donlevy, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Key to the City, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Clark Gable, Loretta Young, Frank Morgan, Marilyn Maxwell, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1950, title is The Kid from Texas, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Audie Murphy, Gale Storm, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Kill the Umpire, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is William Bendix, William Frawley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is The Killer That Stalked New York, ethnicity is American, director is Earl McEvoy, cast is Evelyn Keyes, Charles Korvin, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Kim, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Saville, cast is Errol Flynn, Dean Stockwell, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is King Solomon's Mines, ethnicity is American, director is Compton Bennett, cast is Deborah Kerr, Stewart Granger, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is James Cagney, Barbara Payton, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is A Lady Without Passport, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Hedy Lamarr, John Hodiak, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Lawless, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Losey, cast is Macdonald Carey, Gail Russell, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is A Life of Her Own, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Lana Turner, Ray Milland, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Little Quacker, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Lonely Heart Bandits, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Barbra Fuller, Dorothy Patrick, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Louisa, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Ronald Reagan, Spring Byington, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Love at First Bite, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy short. Release year is 1950, title is Love Happy, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Marx Brothers, Vera-Ellen, Raymond Burr, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Love That Brute, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Jean Peters, Paul Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Ma and Pa Kettle Go to Town, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Marjorie Main, Percy Kilbride, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is The Man Who Cheated Himself, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Lee J. Cobb, Jane Wyatt, John Dall, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Milkman, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Donald O'Connor, Jimmy Durante, Piper Laurie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is The Miniver Story, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Greer Garson, Walter Pidgeon, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Montana, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Errol Flynn, Alexis Smith, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Mother Didn't Tell Me, ethnicity is American, director is Claude Binyon, cast is Dorothy McGuire, June Havoc, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Mr. Music, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Haydn, cast is Bing Crosby, Nancy Olson, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Mrs. O'Malley and Mr. Malone, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Marjorie Main, James Whitmore, Ann Dvorak, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is The Mudlark, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Irene Dunne, Alec Guinness, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Mutiny on the Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is My Blue Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Betty Grable, Dan Dailey, Jane Wyatt, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is My Friend Irma Goes West, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Walker, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Mystery Street, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Ricardo Montalbán, Sally Forrest, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Mystery Submarine, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Macdonald Carey, Marta Toren, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Nancy Goes to Rio, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Ann Sothern, Jane Powell, genre is musical. Release year is 1950, title is The Nevadan, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Randolph Scott, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Never a Dull Moment, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Irene Dunne, Fred MacMurray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Night and the City, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Richard Widmark, Gene Tierney, Hugh Marlowe, Googie Withers, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is No Man of Her Own, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, John Lund, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is No Way Out, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Richard Widmark, Linda Darnell, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Once a Thief, ethnicity is American, director is W. Lee Wilder, cast is Cesar Romero, June Havoc, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is One Way Street, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is James Mason, Märta Torén, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Our Very Own, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Ann Blyth, Farley Granger, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Outrage, ethnicity is American, director is Ida Lupino, cast is Mala Powers, Tod Andrews, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Outriders, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Joel McCrea, Arlene Dahl, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Outside the Wall, ethnicity is American, director is Crane Wilbur, cast is Richard Basehart, Marilyn Maxwell, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Panic in the Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Richard Widmark, Paul Douglas, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Perfect Strangers, ethnicity is American, director is Bretaigne Windust, cast is Ginger Rogers, Dennis Morgan, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is The Petty Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Robert Cummings, Joan Caulfield, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Pirates of the High Seas, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, Thomas Carr, cast is Buster Crabbe, Lois Hall, genre is serial. Release year is 1950, title is Please Believe Me, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Deborah Kerr, Robert Walker, Mark Stevens, Peter Lawford, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Pop 'im Pop, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Prehistoric Women, ethnicity is American, director is Gregg C. Tallas, cast is Laurette Luez, Allan Nixon, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1950, title is Pretty Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Bretaigne Windust, cast is Dennis Morgan, Betsy Drake, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Prisoners in Petticoats, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Ford, cast is Robert Rockwell, Danni Sue Nolan, genre is crime. Release year is 1950, title is Punchy Cowpunchers, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Puny Express, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lantz, Dick Lundy, cast is Woody the Woodpecker, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Quicksand, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Mickey Rooney, Peter Lorre, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Rabbit of Seville, ethnicity is American, director is Charles M. Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Radar Secret Service, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is John Howard, Adele Jergens, genre is action. Release year is 1950, title is Return of the Frontiersman, ethnicity is American, director is Richard L. Bare, cast is Gordon MacRae, Julie London, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Riding High, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Bing Crosby, Coleen Gray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Right Cross, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is June Allyson, Dick Powell, Ricardo Montalbán, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Rio Grande, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Maureen O'Hara, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Rio Grande Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Tim Holt, Cleo Moore, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Rocketship X-M, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Lloyd Bridges, Osa Massen, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1950, title is Rock Island Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Forrest Tucker, Adele Mara, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Rocky Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Errol Flynn, Patrice Wymore, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Rogues of Sherwood Forest, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is John Derek, Diana Lynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Saddle Tramp, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Joel McCrea, Wanda Hendrix, John Russell, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Safety Second, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Salt Lake Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Brannon, cast is Allan Lane, Martha Hyer, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Saturday Evening Puss, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is The Scarlet Pumpernickel, ethnicity is American, director is Charles M. Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is The Second Face, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Bernhard, cast is Ella Raines, Rita Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is The Second Woman, ethnicity is American, director is James V. Kern, cast is Robert Young, Betsy Drake, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Secret Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Ferrer, cast is Claudette Colbert, Robert Ryan, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Self-Made Maids, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is September Affair, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Joan Fontaine, Joseph Cotten, genre is romance. Release year is 1950, title is Shadow on the Wall, ethnicity is American, director is Pat Jackson, cast is Ann Sothern, Zachary Scott, Gigi Perreau, Nancy Davis, genre is mystery. Release year is 1950, title is Shakedown, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney (as Joe Pevney), cast is Howard Duff, Brian Donlevy, Peggy Dow, Lawrence Tierney, Anne Vernon, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Showdown, ethnicity is American, director is Dorrell McGowan, cast is Walter Brennan, Marie Windsor, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Side Street, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Farley Granger, Cathy O'Donnell, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Sierra, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Audie Murphy, Wanda Hendrix, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is The Skipper Surprised His Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Robert Walker, Joan Leslie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Slaphappy Sleuths, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is The Sleeping City, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Richard Conte, Coleen Gray, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is A Snitch in Time, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is So Young, So Bad, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Vorhaus, cast is Paul Henreid, Catherine McLeod, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is The Sound of Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Endfield, cast is Frank Lovejoy, Kathleen Ryan, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Southside 1-1000, ethnicity is American, director is Boris Ingster, cast is Don DeFore, Andrea King, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Spy Hunt, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Howard Duff, Märta Torén, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Stars In My Crown, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Joel McCrea, Ellen Drew, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Storm over Wyoming, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Tim Holt, Noreen Nash, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Strife with Father, ethnicity is American, director is Bob McKimson, cast is Merrie Melodies, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is Studio Stoops, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Summer Stock, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Judy Garland, Gene Kelly, genre is musical. Release year is 1950, title is Sunset Boulevard, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is William Holden, Gloria Swanson, Nancy Olson, Erich von Stroheim, Jack Webb, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Sun Sets at Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Sloane, cast is Walter Reed, genre is crime. Release year is 1950, title is Surrender, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Vera Ralston, John Carroll, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Tarnished, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Dorothy Patrick, Jimmy Lydon, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Tarzan and the Slave Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Sholem, cast is Lex Barker, Vanessa Brown, Denise Darcel, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is The Tattooed Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Montagne, cast is Patricia Barry, John Miles, genre is crime. Release year is 1950, title is Tea for Two, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Doris Day, Gordon MacRae, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Tension, ethnicity is American, director is John Berry, cast is Richard Basehart, Audrey Totter, Barry Sullivan, Cyd Charisse, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Texas Tom, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is This Side of the Law, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Bare, cast is Viveca Lindfors, Janis Paige, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Three Came Home, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Claudette Colbert, Patric Knowles, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Three Hams on Rye, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Three Secrets, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Eleanor Parker, Patricia Neal, Ruth Roman, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is A Ticket to Tomahawk, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is Dan Dailey, Anne Baxter, Rory Calhoun, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1950, title is To Please a Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Clark Gable, Barbara Stanwyck, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is The Toast of New Orleans, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Kathryn Grayson, Mario Lanza, genre is musical. Release year is 1950, title is Tom and Jerry in the Hollywood Bowl, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is The Torch, ethnicity is American, director is Emilio Fernández, cast is Paulette Goddard, Pedro Armendáriz, Gilbert Roland, genre is romantic. Release year is 1950, title is Trail of Robin Hood, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Roy Rogers, Penny Edwards, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Treasure Island, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Bobby Driscoll, Robert Newton, genre is adventure. Release year is 1950, title is Triple Crossed, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Tripoli, ethnicity is American, director is Will Price, cast is Maureen O'Hara, John Payne, genre is war. Release year is 1950, title is Twilight in the Sierras, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Under My Skin, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is John Garfield, Micheline Presle, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is The Underworld Story, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Endfield, cast is Dan Duryea, Herbert Marshall, Gale Storm, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Union Station, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is William Holden, Barry Fitzgerald, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Vendetta, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Ferrer, cast is Faith Domergue, George Dolenz, genre is crime. Release year is 1950, title is Wabash Avenue, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Betty Grable, Victor Mature, Phil Harris, genre is musical. Release year is 1950, title is Wagon Master, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Ben Johnson, Harry Carey, Jr., genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Walk Softly, Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Joseph Cotten, Alida Valli, Spring Byington, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Watch the Birdie, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Donohue, cast is Red Skelton, Arlene Dahl, Ann Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is The West Point Story, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is James Cagney, Virginia Mayo, Doris Day, Gordon MacRae, genre is musical. Release year is 1950, title is What's Up Doc?, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1950, title is When Willie Comes Marching Home, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Dan Dailey, Corinne Calvet, genre is comedy. Release year is 1950, title is Where Danger Lives, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Where the Sidewalk Ends, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney, Gary Merrill, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is The Wild Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Powell and Pressburger, cast is Jennifer Jones, David Farrar, genre is drama. Release year is 1950, title is Winchester '73, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is James Stewart, Dan Duryea, Shelley Winters, Stephen McNally, Will Geer, genre is western. Release year is 1950, title is Woman in Hiding, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Ida Lupino, Stephen McNally, Howard Duff, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Woman on the Run, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Ann Sheridan, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is film noir. Release year is 1950, title is Young Man with a Horn, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Lauren Bacall, Doris Day, Kirk Douglas, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The 13th Letter, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Linda Darnell, Charles Boyer, Constance Smith, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, genre is comedy–horror. Release year is 1951, title is Ace in the Hole, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Kirk Douglas, Jan Sterling, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Across the Wide Missouri, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Clark Gable, Ricardo Montalban, Adolphe Menjou, María Elena Marqués, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Adventures of Captain Fabian, ethnicity is American, director is William Marshall, cast is Errol Flynn, Micheline Presle, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is The African Queen, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Katharine Hepburn, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Air Cadet, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Gail Russell, Stephen McNally, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Alice in Wonderland, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Geronimi, cast is Kathryn Beaumont, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Along the Great Divide, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Kirk Douglas, Virginia Mayo, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is An American in Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Leslie Caron, Gene Kelly, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Angels in the Outfield, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Paul Douglas, Janet Leigh, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Anne of the Indies, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Louis Jourdan, Jean Peters, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is Another Man's Poison, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Bette Davis, Gary Merrill, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Apache Drums, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Stephen McNally, Coleen Gray, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is As Young as You Feel, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is Constance Bennett, Monty Woolley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Baby Sitters Jitters, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Ballot Box Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is The Barefoot Mailman, ethnicity is American, director is Earl McEvoy, cast is Robert Cummings, Terry Moore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is A Bear For Punishment, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Behave Yourself!, ethnicity is American, director is George Beck, cast is Farley Granger, Shelley Winters, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Belle Le Grand, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Vera Ralston, John Carroll, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Best of the Badmen, ethnicity is American, director is William D. Russell, cast is Robert Ryan, Robert Preston, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is The Big Night, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Losey, cast is John Drew Barrymore, Dorothy Comingore, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Big Top Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Bird of Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Debra Paget, Louis Jourdan, Jeff Chandler, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Blue Veil, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Losey, cast is Jane Wyman, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is A Bone for a Bone, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is The Brave Bulls, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is Mel Ferrer, Anthony Quinn, Miroslava, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Bride of the Gorilla, ethnicity is American, director is Curt Siodmak, cast is Raymond Burr, Lon Chaney, Jr., Barbara Payton, genre is horror. Release year is 1951, title is Bright Victory, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Arthur Kennedy, Peggy Dow, Julia Adams, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Bullfighter and the Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Robert Stack, Joy Page, Gilbert Roland, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Bunny Hugged, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Callaway Went Thataway, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, Norman Panama, cast is Fred MacMurray, Dorothy McGuire, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Call Me Mister, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Betty Grable, Dan Dailey, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N., ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Gregory Peck, Virginia Mayo, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is Captain Video: Master of the Stratosphere, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is Judd Holdren, genre is serial. Release year is 1951, title is Casanova Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Cat Napping, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Cattle Drive, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Joel McCrea, Dean Stockwell, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Cause for Alarm!, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Loretta Young, Bruce Cowling, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Chained for Life, ethnicity is American, director is Harry L. Fraser, cast is Hilton Twins, genre is exploitation. Release year is 1951, title is Cheese Chasers, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Chicago Calling, ethnicity is American, director is John Reinhardt, cast is Dan Duryea, Mary Anderson, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Chow Hound, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Close to My Heart, ethnicity is American, director is William Keighley, cast is Gene Tierney, Ray Milland, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Come Fill the Cup, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is James Cagney, Gig Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Comin' Round the Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Crazy Over Horses, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Bowery Boys, Gloria Saunders, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Crosswinds, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is Rhonda Fleming, John Payne, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Cruise Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Cry Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Parrish, cast is Dick Powell, Rhonda Fleming, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Darling, How Could You!, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Joan Fontaine, John Lund, Mona Freeman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Day the Earth Stood Still, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Michael Rennie, Patricia Neal, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1951, title is Dear Brat, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Mona Freeman, Billy De Wolfe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Death of a Salesman, ethnicity is American, director is László Benedek, cast is Fredric March, Mildred Dunnock, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Decision Before Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Richard Basehart, Gary Merrill, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is The Desert Fox, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is James Mason, Cedric Hardwicke, genre is biographical. Release year is 1951, title is Destination Meatball, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lantz, cast is Woody Woodpecker, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Detective Story, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Kirk Douglas, William Bendix, Eleanor Parker, Joseph Wiseman, Lee Grant, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Distant Drums, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Gary Cooper, Richard Webb, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Don't Throw That Knife, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Double Crossbones, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Donald O'Connor, Helena Carter, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is Double Dynamite, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Cummings, cast is Frank Sinatra, Jane Russell, Groucho Marx, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Drip-Along Daffy, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Drums in the Deep South, ethnicity is American, director is William Cameron Menzies, cast is James Craig, Guy Madison, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Elopement, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Clifton Webb, William Lundigan, Anne Francis, Charles Bickford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Enforcer, ethnicity is American, director is Bretaigne Windust, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Zero Mostel, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is FBI Girl, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Berke, cast is Cesar Romero, George Brent, Audrey Totter, Raymond Burr, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Family Secret, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is John Derek, Lee J. Cobb, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Father's Little Dividend, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Spencer Tracy, Joan Bennett, Elizabeth Taylor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Fat Man, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Julie London, Rock Hudson, genre is mystery. Release year is 1951, title is Fighting Coast Guard, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Forrest Tucker, Ella Raines, genre is action. Release year is 1951, title is The Fighting Seventh, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Lloyd Bridges, John Ireland, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is The First Legion, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Charles Boyer, Barbara Rush, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Five, ethnicity is American, director is Arch Oboler, cast is Susan Douglas Rubeš, William Phipps, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Flame of Araby, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Jeff Chandler, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is Flight to Mars, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Marguerite Chapman, Cameron Mitchell, Virginia Huston, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1951, title is The Flying Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Flying Leathernecks, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is John Wayne, Robert Ryan, genre is action. Release year is 1951, title is Follow the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Anne Baxter, Glenn Ford, genre is biographical. Release year is 1951, title is Force of Arms, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is William Holden, Nancy Olson, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is Fort Defiance, ethnicity is American, director is John Rawlins, cast is Dane Clark, Ben Johnson, Peter Graves, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Fort Dodge Stampede, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Allan Lane, Mary Ellen Kay, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Fourteen Hours, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Paul Douglas, Richard Basehart, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Francis Goes to the Races, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Donald O'Connor, Piper Laurie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Frogmen, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Richard Widmark, Dana Andrews, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is Fury of the Congo, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is Gambling House, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is Victor Mature, Terry Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Go for Broke!, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Pirosh, cast is Van Johnson, Lane Nakano, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is Golden Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Mitzi Gaynor, Dale Robertson, Una Merkel, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Goodbye, My Fancy, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Joan Crawford, Robert Young, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Government Agents vs Phantom Legion, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Brannon, cast is Walter Reed, Mary Ellen Kay, genre is serial. Release year is 1951, title is The Groom Wore Spurs, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Whorf, cast is Ginger Rogers, Jack Carson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Grounds for Marriage, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Van Johnson, Kathryn Grayson, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Gunplay, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Tim Holt, Joan Dixon, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is The Guy Who Came Back, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Paul Douglas, Joan Bennett, Linda Darnell, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Half Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is Loretta Young, Joseph Cotten, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Halls of Montezuma, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Richard Widmark, Jack Palance, Robert Wagner, Richard Boone, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is He Ran All the Way, ethnicity is American, director is John Berry, cast is John Garfield, Shelley Winters, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Here Comes the Groom, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Bing Crosby, Jane Wyman, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is The Highwayman, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Philip Friend, Wanda Hendrix, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is His Kind of Woman, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, Richard Fleischer, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jane Russell, Vincent Price, Raymond Burr, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is His Mouse Friday, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Hollywood Story, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Julie Adams, Richard Conte, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1951, title is Home Town Story, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Pierson, cast is Jeffrey Lynn, Marjorie Reynolds, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Hong Kong, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is Ronald Reagan, Rhonda Fleming, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Hoodlum, ethnicity is American, director is Max Nosseck, cast is Lawrence Tierney, Allene Roberts, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1951, title is The House on Telegraph Hill, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Richard Basehart, Valentina Cortese, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Hula-La-La, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Hunt the Man Down, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Gig Young, Cleo Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is I Can Get It for You Wholesale, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Susan Hayward, Dan Dailey, genre is romance. Release year is 1951, title is I'd Climb the Highest Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is William Lundigan, Susan Hayward, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is I Want You, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Dana Andrews, Dorothy McGuire, genre is romance. Release year is 1951, title is I Was an American Spy, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Ann Dvorak, genre is suspense. Release year is 1951, title is I Was a Communist for the FBI, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Frank Lovejoy, Dorothy Hart, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is I'll Get You for This, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Newman, cast is George Raft, Coleen Gray, genre is crime. Release year is 1951, title is I'll Never Forget You, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Ward Baker, cast is Tyrone Power, Ann Blyth, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is I'll See You in My Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Doris Day, Danny Thomas, genre is biographical. Release year is 1951, title is In Old Amarillo, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Roy Rogers, Estelita Rodriguez, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Inside Straight, ethnicity is American, director is Gerald Mayer, cast is Mercedes McCambridge, Arlene Dahl, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Inside the Walls of Folsom Prison, ethnicity is American, director is Crane Wilbur, cast is Steve Cochran, David Brian, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Iron Man, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Jeff Chandler, Evelyn Keyes, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is It's a Big Country, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown John Sturges Charles Vidor William Wellman, cast is Gary Cooper, Gene Kelly, Fredric March, Ethel Barrymore, Janet Leigh, Nancy Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Jerry and Jumbo, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Jerry and the Goldfish, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Jim Thorpe – All-American, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Burt Lancaster, Charles Bickford, genre is biographical. Release year is 1951, title is Journey into Light, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Sterling Hayden, Viveca Lindfors, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Just Ducky, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Kind Lady, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Ethel Barrymore, Maurice Evans, Keenan Wynn, Angela Lansbury, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Lady Pays Off, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Linda Darnell, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Last of Mrs. Cheyney, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin H. Knopf, cast is Greer Garson, Michael Wilding, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Last Outpost, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is Ronald Reagan, Rhonda Fleming, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is The Lemon Drop Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lanfield, cast is Bob Hope, Marilyn Maxwell, William Frawley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Let's Make It Legal, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is Claudette Colbert, Macdonald Carey, Zachary Scott, Marilyn Monroe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Light Touch, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Stewart Granger, Pier Angeli, George Sanders, genre is crime. Release year is 1951, title is Lightning Strikes Twice, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Ruth Roman, Richard Todd, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Little Big Horn, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Lloyd Bridges, Marie Windsor, John Ireland, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Little Egypt, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Rhonda Fleming, Mark Stevens, genre is biography. Release year is 1951, title is Lorna Doone, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Barbara Hale, Richard Greene, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is Lost Continent, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Newfield, cast is Cesar Romero, Hillary Brooke, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1951, title is Love Nest, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Newman, cast is June Haver, William Lundigan, Marilyn Monroe, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Lullaby of Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Doris Day, Gene Nelson, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is M, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Losey, cast is David Wayne, Howard Da Silva, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Ma and Pa Kettle Back on the Farm, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Marjorie Main, Percy Kilbride, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Magic Carpet, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Lucille Ball, John Agar, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is The Man from Planet X, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Robert Clarke, Margaret Field, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1951, title is The Man with My Face, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Montagne, cast is Barry Nelson, Carole Mathews, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is The Man with a Cloak, ethnicity is American, director is Fletcher Markle, cast is Joseph Cotten, Barbara Stanwyck, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Mating Season, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Gene Tierney, John Lund, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Meet Me After the Show, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is Betty Grable, Rory Calhoun, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Merry Mavericks, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is A Millionaire for Christy, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Eleanor Parker, Fred MacMurray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Mob, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Parrish, cast is Broderick Crawford, Betty Buehler, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is The Model and the Marriage Broker, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Jeanne Crain, Scott Brady, Thelma Ritter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Mr. Belvedere Rings the Bell, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Clifton Webb, Joanne Dru, Zero Mostel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Mr. Imperium, ethnicity is American, director is Don Hartman, cast is Lana Turner, Ezio Pinza, Marjorie Main, genre is romance. Release year is 1951, title is My Forbidden Past, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Ava Gardner, Robert Mitchum, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is My Outlaw Brother, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Mickey Rooney, Wanda Hendrix, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is My True Story, ethnicity is American, director is Mickey Rooney, cast is Helen Walker, Willard Parker, genre is crime. Release year is 1951, title is Mysterious Island, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is Richard Crane, Marshall Reed, genre is serial. Release year is 1951, title is Never Trust a Gambler, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Dane Clark, Cathy O'Donnell, genre is crime. Release year is 1951, title is New Mexico, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is Lew Ayres, Marilyn Maxwell, Andy Devine, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Night into Morning, ethnicity is American, director is Fletcher Markle, cast is Ray Milland, Nancy Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is No Questions Asked, ethnicity is American, director is Harold F. Kress, cast is Arlene Dahl, Barry Sullivan, Jean Hagen, genre is crime. Release year is 1951, title is No Smoking, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Kinney, cast is Goofy, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Oh! Susanna, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Lorna Gray, Rod Cameron, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is On the Loose, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lederer, cast is Joan Evans, Melvyn Douglas, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is On Moonlight Bay, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Doris Day, Gordon MacRae, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is On the Riviera, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Danny Kaye, Gene Tierney, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Only the Valiant, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Gregory Peck, Barbara Payton, Ward Bond, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Operation Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is John Wayne, Patricia Neal, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is Overland Telegraph, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Tim Holt, Gail Davis, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is The Painted Hills, ethnicity is American, director is Harold F. Kress, cast is Bruce Cowling, genre is family. Release year is 1951, title is Painting the Clouds with Sunshine, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Dennis Morgan, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Pandora and the Flying Dutchman, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Lewin, cast is Ava Gardner, James Mason, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Passage West, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is John Payne, Arleen Whelan, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Payment on Demand, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Bette Davis, Barry Sullivan, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Peking Express, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Joseph Cotten, Corinne Calvet, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is The People Against O'Hara, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Spencer Tracy, Pat O'Brien, Diana Lynn, John Hodiak, James Arness, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is People Will Talk, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Cary Grant, Jeanne Crain, Sidney Blackmer, Hume Cronyn, Walter Slezak, Finlay Currie, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Pest Man Wins, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Pistol Harvest, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Tim Holt, Joan Dixon, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is A Place in the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Montgomery Clift, Shelley Winters, Raymond Burr, Anne Revere, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Pride of Maryland, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Ford, cast is Peggy Stewart, Stanley Clements, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Prince Who Was a Thief, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Tony Curtis, Piper Laurie, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is The Prize Pest, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is The Prowler, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Losey, cast is Van Heflin, Evelyn Keyes, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Purple Heart Diary, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Frances Langford, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Quebec, ethnicity is American, director is George Templeton, cast is John Drew Barrymore, Corinne Calvet, genre is historical drama. Release year is 1951, title is Quo Vadis, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Robert Taylor, Deborah Kerr, Peter Ustinov, Finlay Currie, Leo Genn, genre is historical epic. Release year is 1951, title is Rabbit Fire, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is The Racket, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Robert Mitchum, Robert Ryan, Lizabeth Scott, William Talman, Joyce MacKenzie, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is The Raging Tide, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Shelley Winters, Richard Conte, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Raton Pass, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin L. Marin, cast is Patricia Neal, Dennis Morgan, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Rawhide, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Tyrone Power, Susan Hayward, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is The Red Badge of Courage, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Audie Murphy, Bill Mauldin, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is The Redhead and the Cowboy, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Fenton, cast is Rhonda Fleming, Glenn Ford, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Red Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Alan Ladd, Lizabeth Scott, Arthur Kennedy, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Reunion in Reno, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Peggy Dow, Gigi Perreau, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Rhubarb, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Ray Milland, Jan Sterling, Gene Lockhart, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Rich, Young and Pretty, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Jane Powell, Wendell Corey, Vic Damone, Danielle Darrieux, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Roadblock, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Daniels, cast is Charles McGraw, Joan Dixon, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Rodeo King and the Senorita, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Ford, cast is Rex Allen, Buddy Ebsen, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Royal Wedding, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Fred Astaire, Jane Powell, Peter Lawford, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Saddle Legion, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Tim Holt, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Saturday's Hero, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is John Derek, Donna Reed, Sidney Blackmer, genre is sports drama. Release year is 1951, title is Scrambled Brains, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Sealed Cargo, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Dana Andrews, Carla Balenda, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Secret of Convict Lake, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Glenn Ford, Gene Tierney, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Show Boat, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Howard Keel, Kathryn Grayson, Ava Gardner, Gower Champion, Marge Champion, Joe E. Brown, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Silver City, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Yvonne De Carlo, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Sirocco, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Märta Torén, Lee J. Cobb, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Slaughter Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Allen, cast is Gig Young, Brian Donlevy, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Sleepy-Time Tom, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Slicked-up Pup, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1951, title is Smuggler's Island, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Jeff Chandler, Evelyn Keyes, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Son of Dr. Jekyll, ethnicity is American, director is Seymour Friedman, cast is Louis Hayward, Jody Lawrance, genre is suspense. Release year is 1951, title is St. Benny the Dip, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Dick Haymes, Nina Foch, Roland Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Starlift, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Janice Rule, Dick Wesson, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is The Steel Helmet, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Gene Evans, Steve Brodie, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is Storm Warning, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Ronald Reagan, Doris Day, Ginger Rogers, genre is thriller. Release year is 1951, title is The Strange Door, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Charles Laughton, Boris Karloff, Sally Forrest, genre is period drama. Release year is 1951, title is Strangers on a Train, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Farley Granger, Ruth Roman, Robert Walker, genre is suspense. Release year is 1951, title is A Streetcar Named Desire, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Vivien Leigh, Marlon Brando, Karl Malden, Kim Hunter, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Street Bandits, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Penny Edwards, Robert Clarke, genre is crime. Release year is 1951, title is Strictly Dishonorable, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, cast is Ezio Pinza, Janet Leigh, genre is rom com. Release year is 1951, title is Submarine Command, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is William Holden, Nancy Olson, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is Sunny Side of the Street, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Frankie Laine, Audrey Long, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Superman and the Mole Men, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Sholem, cast is George Reeves, Phyllis Coates, genre is action. Release year is 1951, title is Take Care of My Little Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Jeanne Crain, Dale Robertson, Mitzi Gaynor, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Tall Target, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Dick Powell, Paula Raymond, genre is thriller. Release year is 1951, title is Target Unknown, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Mark Stevens, Alex Nicol, Gig Young, genre is war. Release year is 1951, title is The Tartars, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Orson Welles, Victor Mature, genre is adventure. Release year is 1951, title is Ten Tall Men, ethnicity is American, director is Willis Goldbeck, cast is Burt Lancaster, Gilbert Roland, genre is action. Release year is 1951, title is Teresa, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Pier Angeli, John Ericson, Peggy Ann Garner, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Texas Carnival, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Esther Williams, Red Skelton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Texas Rangers, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is George Montgomery, Gale Storm, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is That's My Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Walker, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Thing from Another World, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Kenneth Tobey, Margaret Sheridan, Dewey Martin, James Arness, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1951, title is Three Arabian Nuts, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Three Guys Named Mike, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Jane Wyman, Van Johnson, Howard Keel, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Three Husbands, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Reis, cast is Eve Arden, Ruth Warrick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Three Steps North, ethnicity is American, director is W. Lee Wilder, cast is Lloyd Bridges, Lea Padovani, genre is crime. Release year is 1951, title is Thunder on the Hill, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Claudette Colbert, Ann Blyth, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is Tokyo File 212, ethnicity is American, director is Dorrell, Stuart McGowan, cast is Florence Marly, Lee Frederick, genre is espionage. Release year is 1951, title is Tomorrow Is Another Day, ethnicity is American, director is Felix Feist, cast is Ruth Roman, Steve Cochran, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is The Tooth Will Out, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Too Young to Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is June Allyson, Van Johnson, Gig Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Two-Dollar Bettor, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Steve Brodie, Marie Windsor, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Two Gals and a Guy, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Janis Paige, Robert Alda, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is Two Lost Worlds, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Dawn, cast is James Arness, Bill Kennedy, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1951, title is Two Tickets to Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is James V. Kern, cast is Tony Martin, Janet Leigh, Eddie Bracken, genre is musical. Release year is 1951, title is Under the Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is Richard Conte, Audrey Totter, John McIntire, Sam Jaffe, genre is film noir. Release year is 1951, title is The Unknown Man, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Walter Pidgeon, Ann Harding, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Unknown World, ethnicity is American, director is Terry O. Morse, cast is Marilyn Nash, Victor Kilian, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1951, title is Valentino, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Eleanor Parker, Anthony Dexter, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Vengeance Valley, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Burt Lancaster, Robert Walker, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is Warpath, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Dean Jagger, Forrest Tucker, Polly Bergen, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is The Wearing of the Grin, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Porky Pig, genre is animated. Release year is 1951, title is Week-End with Father, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Patricia Neal, Van Heflin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is The Well, ethnicity is American, director is Leo Popkin, cast is Richard Rober, Harry Morgan, Maidie Norman, genre is drama. Release year is 1951, title is Westward the Women, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Robert Taylor, Denise Darcel, John McIntire, genre is western. Release year is 1951, title is When Worlds Collide, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Richard Derr, Barbara Rush, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1951, title is The Wild Blue Yonder, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Wendell Corey, Vera Ralston, Forrest Tucker, genre is war drama. Release year is 1951, title is You Never Can Tell, ethnicity is American, director is Lou Breslow, cast is Dick Powell, Peggy Dow, genre is comedy. Release year is 1951, title is You're in the Navy Now, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Gary Cooper, Jane Greer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is 5 Fingers, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is James Mason, Danielle Darrieux, Walter Hampden, Herbert Berghof, Michael Rennie, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is 24 Hours of a Woman's Life, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Saville, cast is Merle Oberon, Richard Todd, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Aaron Slick from Punkin Crick, ethnicity is American, director is Claude Binyon, cast is Alan Young, Dinah Shore, Adele Jergens, Robert Merrill, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Abbott and Costello, Charles Laughton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Above and Beyond, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, Norman Panama, cast is Robert Taylor, Eleanor Parker, genre is war. Release year is 1952, title is Actors and Sin, ethnicity is American, director is Ben Hecht, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Eddie Albert, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Affair in Trinidad, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Rita Hayworth, Glenn Ford, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Against All Flags, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Errol Flynn, Maureen O'Hara, genre is action. Release year is 1952, title is Androcles and the Lion, ethnicity is American, director is Chester Erskine, cast is Jean Simmons, Victor Mature, Alan Young, genre is historical epic. Release year is 1952, title is Angel Face, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jean Simmons, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Anything Can Happen, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Jose Ferrer, Kim Hunter, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Apache War Smoke, ethnicity is American, director is Harold F. Kress, cast is Gilbert Roland, Glenda Farrell, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Arctic Flight, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Wayne Morris, Lola Albright, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Assignment - Paris!, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Dana Andrews, Marta Toren, George Sanders, genre is spy drama. Release year is 1952, title is At Sword's Point, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Cornel Wilde, Maureen O'Hara, Gladys Cooper, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is The Atomic City, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Gene Barry, Lydia Clarke, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Babes in Bagdad, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Paulette Goddard, Gypsy Rose Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Back at the Front, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Tom Ewell, Harvey Lembeck, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Bad and the Beautiful, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Lana Turner, Kirk Douglas, Walter Pidgeon, Dick Powell, Barry Sullivan, Gloria Grahame, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Battle at Apache Pass, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is John Lund, Jeff Chandler, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Battles of Chief Pontiac, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Lex Barker, Helen Westcott, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Battle Zone, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is John Hodiak, Linda Christian, genre is war. Release year is 1952, title is Because of You, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Loretta Young, Jeff Chandler, Frances Dee, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Because You're Mine, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Mario Lanza, Doretta Morrow, genre is musical. Release year is 1952, title is Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Bela Lugosi, Duke Mitchell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Belle of New York, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Fred Astaire, Vera-Ellen, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Bend of the River, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is James Stewart, Rock Hudson, Arthur Kennedy, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Beware, My Lovely, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Horner, cast is Ida Lupino, Robert Ryan, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Big Jim McLain, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is John Wayne, James Arness, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Big Sky, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Kirk Douglas, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is The Big Trees, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Kirk Douglas, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Black Castle, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan H. Juran, cast is Richard Greene, Boris Karloff, Stephen McNally, genre is horror. Release year is 1952, title is Blackbeard the Pirate, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Robert Newton, Linda Darnell, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is The Blazing Forest, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is John Payne, Agnes Moorehead, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Bloodhounds of Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is Mitzi Gaynor, Scott Brady, genre is musical. Release year is 1952, title is Botany Bay, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Alan Ladd, James Mason, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is The Brigand, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Anthony Dexter, Jody Lawrence, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Bugles in the Afternoon, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Ray Milland, Helena Carter, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Bushwackers, ethnicity is American, director is Rod Amateau, cast is John Ireland, Lawrence Tierney, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Bwana Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Arch Oboler, cast is Robert Stack, Nigel Bruce, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is California Conquest, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Cornel Wilde, Teresa Wright, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Captain Pirate, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Murphy, cast is Patricia Medina, Louis Hayward, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is The Captive City, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is John Forsythe, Joan Camden, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Captive Women, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Gilmore, cast is Ron Randell, Margaret Field, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1952, title is Carbine Williams, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is James Stewart, Jean Hagen, Wendell Corey, genre is biography. Release year is 1952, title is Caribbean Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Arlene Dahl, John Payne, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Carrie, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Jennifer Jones, Laurence Olivier, Miriam Hopkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Carson City, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Randolph Scott, Raymond Massey, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Castle in the Air, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Cass, cast is David Tomlinson, Margaret Rutherford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Cattle Town, ethnicity is American, director is Noel M. Smith, cast is Dennis Morgan, Amanda Blake, Rita Moreno, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is The Cimarron Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Audie Murphy, Beverly Tyler, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Clash by Night, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Robert Ryan, Paul Douglas, Keith Andes, Marilyn Monroe, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Come Back, Little Sheba, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Burt Lancaster, Shirley Booth, Terry Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Crimson Pirate, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Burt Lancaster, Eva Bartok, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Deadline – U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Ethel Barrymore, Kim Hunter, Warren Stevens, Martin Gabel, Ed Begley, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1952, title is Denver and Rio Grande, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Sterling Hayden, Dean Jagger, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Desperate Search, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Howard Keel, Jane Greer, Keenan Wynn, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is The Devil Makes Three, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Gene Kelly, Pier Angeli, genre is thriller. Release year is 1952, title is Diplomatic Courier, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Tyrone Power, Patricia Neal, Hildegard Knef, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Dog House, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is Don't Bother to Knock, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Ward Baker, cast is Marilyn Monroe, Richard Widmark, Anne Bancroft, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Dreamboat, ethnicity is American, director is Claude Binyon, cast is Clifton Webb, Ginger Rogers, Anne Francis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Duck Doctor, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is The Duel at Silver Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Audie Murphy, Faith Domergue, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Eight Iron Men, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Lee Marvin, Richard Kiley, genre is war. Release year is 1952, title is Everything I Have Is Yours, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Marge Champion, Gower Champion, genre is musical. Release year is 1952, title is Fearless Fagan, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Janet Leigh, Carleton Carpenter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Fighter, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Kline, cast is Richard Conte, Vanessa Brown, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Fit to Be Tied, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is Flaming Feather, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is Sterling Hayden, Barbara Rush, Forrest Tucker, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Flat Top, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Sterling Hayden, Richard Carlson, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Flesh and Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Tony Curtis, Jan Sterling, Mona Freeman, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is A Girl in Every Port, ethnicity is American, director is Chester Erskine, cast is Groucho Marx, Marie Wilson, William Bendix, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Girl in White, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is June Allyson, Arthur Kennedy, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Glory Alley, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Ralph Meeker, Leslie Caron, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Greatest Show on Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Charlton Heston, Betty Hutton, James Stewart, Cornel Wilde, Dorothy Lamour, Henry Wilcoxon, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Green Glove (aka The White Road), ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Glenn Ford, Geraldine Brooks, Cedric Hardwicke, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Hangman's Knot, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Huggins, cast is Randolph Scott, Donna Reed, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Hans Christian Andersen, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Danny Kaye, Farley Granger, genre is musical, biography. Release year is 1952, title is The Happy Time, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Charles Boyer, Louis Jourdan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Has Anybody Seen My Gal?, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Piper Laurie, Rock Hudson, genre is romance. Release year is 1952, title is Hellgate, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Warren, cast is Sterling Hayden, Joan Leslie, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Hiawatha, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Vince Edwards, Keith Larsen, Yvette Dugay, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is High Noon, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Gary Cooper, Grace Kelly, Katy Jurado, Thomas Mitchell, Lloyd Bridges, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Holiday for Sinners, ethnicity is American, director is Gerald Mayer, cast is Gig Young, Janice Rule, genre is romance. Release year is 1952, title is Hoodlum Empire, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Claire Trevor, Brian Donlevy, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Horizons West, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Robert Ryan, Julie Adams, Rock Hudson, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Hunt the Man Down, ethnicity is American, director is George Archainbaud, cast is Gig Young, Carla Balenda, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is The I Don't Care Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Mitzi Gaynor, Oscar Levant, genre is musical, biography. Release year is 1952, title is I Dream of Jeanie, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Ray Middleton, Bill Shirley, Rex Allen, Muriel Lawrence, Lynn Bari, genre is musical, biography. Release year is 1952, title is Invasion U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Green, cast is Dan O'Herlihy, Peggie Castle, genre is cold war. Release year is 1952, title is Invitation, ethnicity is American, director is Gottfried Reinhardt, cast is Van Johnson, Dorothy McGuire, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Iron Mistress, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Alan Ladd, Virginia Mayo, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is It Grows on Trees, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Irene Dunne, Dean Jagger, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Ivanhoe, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Robert Taylor, Elizabeth Taylor, Joan Fontaine, George Sanders, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Jack and the Beanstalk, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Jazz Singer, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Danny Thomas, Peggy Lee, genre is musical drama. Release year is 1952, title is Jumping Jacks, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Angela Greene, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Just for You, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Nugent, cast is Bing Crosby, Jane Wyman, genre is musical. Release year is 1952, title is Just This Once, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Janet Leigh, Peter Lawford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Kangaroo, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Peter Lawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is King of the Congo, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Bennet, cast is Buster Crabbe, genre is serial. Release year is 1952, title is Lady Possessed, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Kellino, William Spier, cast is James Mason, June Havoc, Stephen Dunne, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is The Lady Says No, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Ross, cast is David Niven, Joan Caulfield, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Las Vegas Story, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Jane Russell, Vincent Price, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Limelight, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Chaplin, cast is Charlie Chaplin, Claire Bloom, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Little Runaway, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is Loan Shark, ethnicity is American, director is Seymour Friedman, cast is George Raft, Dorothy Hart, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Lone Star, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Clark Gable, Ava Gardner, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Lost in Alaska, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Love Is Better Than Ever, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Larry Parks, genre is romance. Release year is 1952, title is Lovely to Look At, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Kathryn Grayson, Red Skelton, Howard Keel, genre is musical. Release year is 1952, title is Lure of the Wilderness, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Jean Peters, Jeffrey Hunter, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is The Lusty Men, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, Robert Parrish, cast is Robert Mitchum, Susan Hayward, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Lydia Bailey, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Dale Robertson, Anne Francis, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Macao, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, Nicholas Ray, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jane Russell, William Bendix, Gloria Grahame, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Mara Maru, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Errol Flynn, Ruth Roman, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is The Marrying Kind, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Judy Holliday, Aldo Ray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Meet Danny Wilson, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Frank Sinatra, Shelley Winters, Alex Nicol, Raymond Burr, genre is musical drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Member of the Wedding, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Julie Harris, Ethel Waters, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Million Dollar Mermaid, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Victor Mature, Esther Williams, genre is biography, musical. Release year is 1952, title is The Miracle of Our Lady of Fatima, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Gilbert Roland, Sherry Jackson, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Models Inc., ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Howard Duff, Coleen Gray, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Monkey Business, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Cary Grant, Ginger Rogers, Marilyn Monroe, genre is screwball comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Monsoon, ethnicity is American, director is Rod Amateau, cast is Ursula Thiess, Diana Douglas, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Montana Belle, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Jane Russell, George Brent, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Montana Territory, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Wanda Hendrix, Preston Foster, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Mutiny, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Mark Stevens, Angela Lansbury, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is My Cousin Rachel, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Richard Burton, genre is mystery. Release year is 1952, title is My Man and I, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is Shelley Winters, Ricardo Montalban, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is My Pal Gus, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Parrish, cast is Richard Widmark, Joanne Dru, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is My Six Convicts, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Gilbert Roland, Millard Mitchell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is My Son John, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Dean Jagger, Helen Hayes, Van Heflin, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is My Wife's Best Friend, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is Anne Baxter, Macdonald Carey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Narrow Margin, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Charles McGraw, Marie Windsor, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Night Without Sleep, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Ward Baker, cast is Linda Darnell, Hildegarde Neff, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is No Room for the Groom, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Tony Curtis, Piper Laurie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is No Time for Flowers, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Viveca Lindfors, Paul Christian, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Oklahoma Annie, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Judy Canova, Grant Withers, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1952, title is One Big Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Evelyn Keyes, Mary Anderson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is One Minute to Zero, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Robert Mitchum, Ann Blyth, genre is war. Release year is 1952, title is Operation: Rabbit, ethnicity is American, director is Charles M. Jones, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is The Outcasts of Poker Flat, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Miriam Hopkins, Dale Robertson, Anne Baxter, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is The Pace That Thrills, ethnicity is American, director is Leon Barsha, cast is Bill Williams, Frank McHugh, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Pat and Mike, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Spencer Tracy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Paula, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Loretta Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Phone Call from a Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Shelley Winters, Gary Merrill, Bette Davis, Keenan Wynn, Helen Westcott, Beatrice Straight, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Plymouth Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Spencer Tracy, Gene Tierney, Van Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Pony Soldier, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Tyrone Power, Robert Horton, Thomas Gomez, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Posse Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is The Pride of St. Louis, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is Dan Dailey, Joanne Dru, Richard Crenna, genre is biography. Release year is 1952, title is The Prisoner of Zenda, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Deborah Kerr, James Mason, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Push-Button Kitty, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is The Quiet Man, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Maureen O'Hara, John Wayne, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Rabbit Seasoning, ethnicity is American, director is Charles M. Jones, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is Radar Men from the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Brannon, cast is George D. Wallace, Aline Towne, genre is serial. Release year is 1952, title is The Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Richard Conte, Barbara Britton, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Rancho Notorious, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Marlene Dietrich, Arthur Kennedy, Mel Ferrer, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Red Planet Mars, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Horner, cast is Peter Graves, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1952, title is Red Skies of Montana, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Richard Widmark, Richard Boone, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Retreat, Hell!, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Frank Lovejoy, Russ Tamblyn, genre is war. Release year is 1952, title is Return of the Texan, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Dale Robertson, Joanne Dru, Walter Brennan, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Ride the Man Down, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Brian Donlevy, Ella Raines, Barbara Britton, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Road to Bali, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Walker, cast is Bing Crosby, Bob Hope, Dorothy Lamour, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Rogue's March, ethnicity is American, director is Leon Gordon, cast is Peter Lawford, Janice Rule, genre is war. Release year is 1952, title is Room for One More, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Cary Grant, Betsy Drake, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Rose Bowl Story, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Marshall Thompson, Vera Miles, genre is romance. Release year is 1952, title is Rose of Cimarron, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Mala Powers, Jack Buetel, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Ruby Gentry, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Jennifer Jones, Charlton Heston, Karl Malden, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Sailor Beware, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Walker, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Scandal Sheet, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Broderick Crawford, John Derek, Donna Reed, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1952, title is Scaramouche, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Stewart Granger, Janet Leigh, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is The Sellout, ethnicity is American, director is Gerald Mayer, cast is Walter Pidgeon, Paula Raymond, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Shadow in the Sky, ethnicity is American, director is Fred M. Wilcox, cast is Ralph Meeker, Nancy Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is She's Working Her Way Through College, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Virginia Mayo, Ronald Reagan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Singin' in the Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Gene Kelly, Debbie Reynolds, Donald O'Connor, Jean Hagen, Millard Mitchell, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Sky Full of Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Carleton Carpenter, Jan Sterling, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Sniper, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Adolphe Menjou, Arthur Franz, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is The Snows of Kilimanjaro, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Gregory Peck, Ava Gardner, Susan Hayward, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Something for the Birds, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Victor Mature, Patricia Neal, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Something to Live For, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Joan Fontaine, Ray Milland, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Son of Paleface, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Bob Hope, Jane Russell, Roy Rogers, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Sound Off, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Mickey Rooney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Springfield Rifle, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Gary Cooper, Phyllis Thaxter, Lon Chaney, Jr., genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is The Star, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Bette Davis, Sterling Hayden, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Stars and Stripes Forever, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Clifton Webb, Robert Wagner, Debra Paget, genre is musical, biography. Release year is 1952, title is Steel Town, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is John Lund, Ann Sheridan, Howard Duff, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is The Steel Trap, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Joseph Cotten, Teresa Wright, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is The Stooge, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Polly Bergen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Annakin, cast is Richard Todd, Peter Finch, James Robertson Justice, Joan Rice, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Sudden Fear, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Joan Crawford, Jack Palance, Gloria Grahame, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Tarzan's Savage Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Endfield, cast is Lex Barker, Dorothy Hart, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is The Thief, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Rouse, cast is Ray Milland, Martin Gabel, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is This Woman is Dangerous, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Joan Crawford, Dennis Morgan, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Three for Bedroom "C", ethnicity is American, director is Milton H. Bren, cast is Gloria Swanson, James Warren, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is Thunderbirds, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is John Derek, John Drew Barrymore, genre is war. Release year is 1952, title is Triplet Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is The Turning Point, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is William Holden, Edmond O'Brien, Alexis Smith, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Two Little Indians, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is The Two Mouseketeers, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is Untamed Frontier, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Joseph Cotten, Shelley Winters, Scott Brady, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is Viva Zapata!, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Marlon Brando, Jean Peters, Anthony Quinn, genre is historical. Release year is 1952, title is Voodoo Tiger, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer G. Bennet, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Wait till the Sun Shines, Nellie, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Jean Peters, David Wayne, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Walk East on Beacon, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Virginia Gilmore, George Murphy, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Washington Story, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Pirosh, cast is Van Johnson, Patricia Neal, genre is drama. Release year is 1952, title is Water, Water Every Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Charles M. Jones, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated short. Release year is 1952, title is Way of a Gaucho, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Gene Tierney, Rory Calhoun, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is We're Not Married!, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Ginger Rogers, Marilyn Monroe, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1952, title is What Price Glory?, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is James Cagney, Dan Dailey, genre is war. Release year is 1952, title is When in Rome, ethnicity is American, director is Clarence Brown, cast is Van Johnson, Paul Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1952, title is The Wild North, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Stewart Granger, Wendell Corey, Cyd Charisse, genre is western. Release year is 1952, title is The Winning Team, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Doris Day, Ronald Reagan, Frank Lovejoy, genre is sports biopic. Release year is 1952, title is With a Song in My Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Susan Hayward, Rory Calhoun, genre is biography. Release year is 1952, title is Without Warning!, ethnicity is American, director is Arnold Laven, cast is Adam Williams, Meg Randall, Edward Binns, genre is film noir. Release year is 1952, title is Woman in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Penny Edwards, Ross Elliott, genre is crime. Release year is 1952, title is The World in His Arms, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Gregory Peck, Ann Blyth, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is Yankee Buccaneer, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Jeff Chandler, Scott Brady, Suzan Ball, genre is adventure. Release year is 1952, title is You for Me, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Jane Greer, Peter Lawford, genre is romance. Release year is 1952, title is Young Man with Ideas, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Glenn Ford, Ruth Roman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The 49th Man, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Richard Denning, John Ireland, Suzanne Dalbert, genre is suspense. Release year is 1953, title is 99 River Street, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is John Payne, Evelyn Keyes, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Tommy Rettig, Mary Healy, genre is musical fantasy. Release year is 1953, title is Abbott and Costello Go to Mars, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Abbott and Costello, Horace McMahon, Martha Hyer, Mari Blanchard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Abbott and Costello Meet Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Abbott and Costello, Boris Karloff, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Act of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Kirk Douglas, Dany Robin, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Actress, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Jean Simmons, Spencer Tracy, Teresa Wright, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Affairs of Dobie Gillis, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Bob Fosse, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Affair with a Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Jean Simmons, Victor Mature, Monica Lewis, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The All American, ethnicity is American, director is Jesse Hibbs, cast is Tony Curtis, Lori Nelson, Mamie Van Doren, genre is sports drama. Release year is 1953, title is All Ashore, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Mickey Rooney, Dick Haymes, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is All I Desire, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Richard Carlson, Lyle Bettger, Lori Nelson, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is All the Brothers Were Valiant, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Robert Taylor, Stewart Granger, Ann Blyth, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Angel Face, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jean Simmons, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is Appointment in Honduras, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Glenn Ford, Ann Sheridan, Zachary Scott, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Back to God's Country, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Rock Hudson, Marcia Henderson, Steve Cochran, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Bad for Each Other, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Charlton Heston, Lizabeth Scott, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is The Bandits of Corsica, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Paula Raymond, Richard Greene, Raymond Burr, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is The Band Wagon, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Fred Astaire, Cyd Charisse, Oscar Levant, Jack Buchanan, Nanette Fabray, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Battle Circus, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Humphrey Bogart, June Allyson, Robert Keith, Keenan Wynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms, ethnicity is American, director is Eugène Lourié, cast is Paula Raymond, Cecil Kellaway, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1953, title is Beat the Devil, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Jennifer Jones, Gina Lollobrigida, Peter Lorre, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Beneath the 12-Mile Reef, ethnicity is American, director is Robert D. Webb, cast is Robert Wagner, Terry Moore, Gilbert Roland, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is The Bigamist, ethnicity is American, director is Ida Lupino, cast is Joan Fontaine, Ida Lupino, Edmond O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Big Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Glenn Ford, Gloria Grahame, Lee Marvin, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is Big Leaguer, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Vera-Ellen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Blowing Wild, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Gary Cooper, Barbara Stanwyck, Ruth Roman, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Blue Gardenia, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Anne Baxter, Richard Conte, Ann Sothern, Raymond Burr, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is A Blueprint for Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Joseph Cotten, Jean Peters, Gary Merrill, genre is thriller. Release year is 1953, title is Born to the Saddle, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Chuck Courtney, Donald Woods, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Botany Bay, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Alan Ladd, James Mason, Patricia Medina, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is By the Light of the Silvery Moon, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Doris Day, Gordon MacRae, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is The Caddy, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Donna Reed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Calamity Jane, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Doris Day, Howard Keel, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Call Me Madam, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Ethel Merman, Donald O'Connor, Vera-Ellen, Billy de Wolfe, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Canadian Mounties vs Atomic Invaders, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Bill Henry, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Cat-Women of the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hilton, cast is Sonny Tufts, Victor Jory, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1953, title is Cat-Tails for Two, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1953, title is Champ for a Day, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Alex Nicol, Audrey Totter, Charles Winninger, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1953, title is Charade, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Kellino, cast is James Mason, Pamela Mason, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is City of Bad Men, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is Dale Robertson, Jeanne Crain, Richard Boone, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is City That Never Sleeps, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Gig Young, William Talman, Mala Powers, Paula Raymond, Chill Wills, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is The Clown, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Red Skelton, Jane Greer, Tim Considine, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Code Two, ethnicity is American, director is Fred M. Wilcox, cast is Ralph Meeker, Sally Forrest, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Column South, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Audie Murphy, Joan Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Confidentially Connie, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Buzzell, cast is Van Johnson, Janet Leigh, Louis Calhern, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Count the Hours, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Teresa Wright, Macdonald Carey, genre is crime. Release year is 1953, title is Cow Country, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Helen Westcott, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Crazylegs, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is Lloyd Nolan, Joan Vohs, genre is sports. Release year is 1953, title is Cruisin' Down the River, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Dick Haymes, Audrey Totter, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Cry of the Hunted, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Vittorio Gassman, Barry Sullivan, Polly Bergen, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1953, title is Dance Hall Racket, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Tucker, cast is Lenny Bruce, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Dangerous Crossing, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Jeanne Crain, Michael Rennie, Carl Betz, genre is mystery. Release year is 1953, title is Dangerous When Wet, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Esther Williams, Fernando Lamas, Jack Carson, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Decameron Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Joan Fontaine, Louis Jourdan, genre is romance. Release year is 1953, title is Desert Legion, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Alan Ladd, Arlene Dahl, Richard Conte, genre is adventures. Release year is 1953, title is The Desert Rats, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Richard Burton, James Mason, Robert Newton, genre is war. Release year is 1953, title is The Desert Song, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Kathryn Grayson, Gordon MacRae, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Designs on Jerry, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1953, title is Destination Gobi, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Richard Widmark, Don Taylor, genre is war drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Diamond Queen, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Arlene Dahl, Fernando Lamas, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Donovan's Brain, ethnicity is American, director is Felix E. Feist, cast is Lew Ayres, Nancy Davis, genre is horror. Release year is 1953, title is Down Among the Sheltering Palms, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Mitzi Gaynor, William Lundigan, David Wayne, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Dream Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Sheldon, cast is Cary Grant, Deborah Kerr, Walter Pidgeon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Eddie Cantor Story, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Keefe Brasselle, Marilyn Erskine, Aline MacMahon, genre is biography. Release year is 1953, title is Escape from Fort Bravo, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is William Holden, Eleanor Parker, John Forsythe, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Fair Wind to Java, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Fred MacMurray, Vera Ralston, Victor McLaglen, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is The Farmer Takes a Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Betty Grable, Dale Robertson, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Fast Company, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Howard Keel, Polly Bergen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Fear and Desire, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is Frank Silvera, Paul Mazursky, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Fighter Attack, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Sterling Hayden, Joy Page, genre is war. Release year is 1953, title is Flame of Calcutta, ethnicity is American, director is Seymour Friedman, cast is Denise Darcel, Patric Knowles, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Flaming Urge, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Ericson, cast is Harold Lloyd Jr., Cathy Downs, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Flight Nurse, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Joan Leslie, Forrest Tucker, genre is war drama. Release year is 1953, title is Flight to Tangier, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Jack Palance, Joan Fontaine, genre is action. Release year is 1953, title is Forever Female, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Ginger Rogers, William Holden, Paul Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Forbidden, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Tony Curtis, Joanne Dru, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is Francis Covers the Big Town, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Donald O'Connor, Yvette Duguay, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is From Here to Eternity, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Montgomery Clift, Deborah Kerr, Burt Lancaster, Frank Sinatra, Donna Reed, George Reeves, Ernest Borgnine, genre is war, drama. Release year is 1953, title is Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Marilyn Monroe, Jane Russell, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Girl Next Door, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is Dan Dailey, June Haver, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is The Girl Who Had Everything, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Fernando Lamas, William Powell, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Girls in the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Joyce Holden, Harvey Lembeck, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Girls of Pleasure Island, ethnicity is American, director is F. Hugh Herbert, cast is Don Taylor, Leo Genn, Audrey Dalton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Give a Girl a Break, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Marge Champion, Gower Champion, Bob Fosse, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Glass Wall, ethnicity is American, director is Maxwell Shane, cast is Vittorio Gassman, Gloria Grahame, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Glen or Glenda, ethnicity is American, director is Ed Wood, cast is Dolores Fuller, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Golden Blade, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Rock Hudson, Piper Laurie, Gene Evans, Kathleen Hughes, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is The Great Sioux Uprising, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Jeff Chandler, Faith Domergue, Lyle Bettger, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Gun Belt, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Tab Hunter, Helen Westcott, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Gunsmoke, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Audie Murphy, Susan Cabot, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Hannah Lee, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Garmes, cast is Joanne Dru, John Ireland, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Here Come the Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Claude Binyon, cast is Bob Hope, Rosemary Clooney, Tony Martin, Arlene Dahl, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Hitch-Hiker, ethnicity is American, director is Ida Lupino, cast is Edmond O'Brien, William Talman, Frank Lovejoy, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is Hondo, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is John Wayne, Geraldine Page, Ward Bond, James Arness, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Houdini, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Tony Curtis, Janet Leigh, genre is biographical. Release year is 1953, title is House of Wax, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Vincent Price, Carolyn Jones, Phyllis Kirk, genre is horror, 3-d. Release year is 1953, title is How to Marry a Millionaire, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Lauren Bacall, Betty Grable, Marilyn Monroe, Cameron Mitchell, William Powell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is I Confess, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Montgomery Clift, Anne Baxter, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The I Don't Care Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Mitzi Gaynor, Oscar Levant, genre is biography. Release year is 1953, title is I Love Lucy, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Sedgwick, cast is Lucille Ball, Desi Arnaz, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is I Love Melvin, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Donald O'Connor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is I, the Jury, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Essex, cast is Biff Elliot, Peggie Castle, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Inferno, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Ward Baker, cast is Robert Ryan, Rhonda Fleming, genre is thriller, 3-d. Release year is 1953, title is Invaders from Mars, ethnicity is American, director is William Cameron Menzies, cast is Helena Carter, Leif Erickson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1953, title is Island in the Sky, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is John Wayne, Lloyd Nolan, James Arness, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is It Came from Outer Space, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Richard Carlson, Barbara Rush, genre is sci-fi, 3-d. Release year is 1953, title is Jalopy, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Jennifer, ethnicity is American, director is Joel Newton, cast is Ida Lupino, Howard Duff, genre is thriller. Release year is 1953, title is Jeopardy, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan, Ralph Meeker, genre is thriller. Release year is 1953, title is Jungle Drums of Africa, ethnicity is American, director is Fred C. Brannon, cast is Phyllis Coates, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Kansas Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Sterling Hayden, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Kiss Me, Kate, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Kathryn Grayson, Howard Keel, Ann Miller, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Knights of the Round Table, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Robert Taylor, Ava Gardner, Mel Ferrer, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is The Lady Wants Mink, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Ruth Hussey, Eve Arden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Last of the Comanches, ethnicity is American, director is Andre de Toth, cast is Broderick Crawford, Barbara Hale, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Law and Order, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Ronald Reagan, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is The Lawless Breed, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Rock Hudson, Julie Adams, Hugh O'Brian, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Let's Do It Again, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Jane Wyman, Ray Milland, Aldo Ray, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Life with Tom, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1953, title is Lili, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Leslie Caron, Mel Ferrer, Jean-Pierre Aumont, Zsa Zsa Gabor, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is A Lion Is in the Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is James Cagney, Barbara Hale, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Little Boy Lost, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Bing Crosby, Claude Dauphin, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Little Fugitive, ethnicity is American, director is 3 directors, cast is Richie Andrusco, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Lone Hand, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Joel McCrea, Barbara Hale, Alex Nicol, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Loose in London, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Ma and Pa Kettle on Vacation, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Marjorie Main, Percy Kilbride, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Magnetic Monster, ethnicity is American, director is Curt Siodmak, cast is Richard Carlson, King Donovan, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1953, title is The Man Behind the Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Felix Feist, cast is Randolph Scott, Patrice Wymore, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is The Man from Cairo, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Enright, cast is George Raft, Irene Pappas, Massimo Serato, genre is crime. Release year is 1953, title is The Man from the Alamo, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Glenn Ford, Julie Adams, Hugh O'Brian, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Man in the Attic, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Jack Palance, Constance Smith, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Man in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Audrey Totter, genre is thriller. Release year is 1953, title is Man on a Tightrope, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Fredric March, Terry Moore, Gloria Grahame, genre is thriller. Release year is 1953, title is Marry Me Again, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Robert Cummings, Marie Wilson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Marshal's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is William Berke, cast is Laurie Anders, Hoot Gibson, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Martin Luther, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Pichel, cast is Niall MacGinnis, Pierre Lefevre, genre is biography. Release year is 1953, title is The Maze, ethnicity is American, director is William Cameron Menzies, cast is Richard Carlson, Veronica Hurst, genre is horror. Release year is 1953, title is Meet Me at the Fair, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Dan Dailey, Diana Lynn, Hugh O'Brian, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Melba, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Patrice Munsel, Robert Morley, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Mesa of Lost Women, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Ormond, Herb Tevis, cast is Jackie Coogan, Richard Travis, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1953, title is Mexican Manhunt, ethnicity is American, director is Rex Bailey, cast is George Brent, Karen Sharpe, genre is crime. Release year is 1953, title is Miss Sadie Thompson, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Rita Hayworth, José Ferrer, Aldo Ray, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Mission Over Korea, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is John Derek, Audrey Totter, genre is war. Release year is 1953, title is The Missing Mouse, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1953, title is The Mississippi Gambler, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Tyrone Power, Piper Laurie, Julie Adams, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Mister Scoutmaster, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Clifton Webb, Edmund Gwenn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Mogambo, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Clark Gable, Ava Gardner, Grace Kelly, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Money from Home, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Moon Is Blue, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is William Holden, David Niven, Maggie McNamara, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Moonlighter, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Fred MacMurray, Ward Bond, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is The Naked Spur, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is James Stewart, Janet Leigh, Robert Ryan, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is The Neanderthal Man, ethnicity is American, director is Ewald Andre Dupont, cast is Robert Shayne, Beverly Garland, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1953, title is The Nebraskan, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Philip Carey, Lee Van Cleef, genre is western, 3-d. Release year is 1953, title is Never Let Me Go, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Clark Gable, Gene Tierney, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Never Wave at a WAC, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Rosalind Russell, Paul Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Niagara, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Marilyn Monroe, Jean Peters, Joseph Cotten, genre is suspense. Release year is 1953, title is No Escape, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Bennett, cast is Lew Ayres, Sonny Tufts, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Paris Model, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Paulette Goddard, Marilyn Maxwell, Eva Gabor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Perils of the Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Clyde Beatty, Phyllis Coates, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Personal Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Pelissier, cast is Gene Tierney, Glynis Johns, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Peter Pan, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Geronimi, cast is voices of Hans Conried, Bobby Driscoll, Kathryn Beaumont, genre is animated. Release year is 1953, title is Pickup on South Street, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Richard Widmark, Jean Peters, Thelma Ritter, genre is thriller. Release year is 1953, title is Plunder of the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Glenn Ford, Diana Lynn, Francis L. Sullivan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Pony Express, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Charlton Heston, Rhonda Fleming, Forrest Tucker, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Private Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Bowery Boys, Joyce Holden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Problem Girls, ethnicity is American, director is E. A. Dupont, cast is Helen Walker, Susan Morrow, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Project Moonbase, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Talmadge, cast is Ross Ford, Donna Martell, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1953, title is The Red Beret, ethnicity is American, director is Terence Young, cast is Alan Ladd, Leo Genn, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Redhead from Wyoming, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Sholem, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Alex Nicol, Dennis Weaver, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Return to Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Gary Cooper, Barry Jones, Roberta Haynes, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Ride, Vaquero!, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Robert Taylor, Ava Gardner, Howard Keel, Anthony Quinn, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue, ethnicity is American, director is Harold French, cast is Richard Todd, Glynis Johns, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is The Robe, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Richard Burton, Jean Simmons, Victor Mature, Michael Rennie, Richard Boone, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Robot Monster, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Tucker, cast is George Nader, Claudia Barrett, Selena Royle, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1953, title is Roman Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Gregory Peck, Eddie Albert, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Royal African Rifles, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Louis Hayward, Veronica Hurst, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Sailor of the King, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Boulting, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, Michael Rennie, genre is war. Release year is 1953, title is Salome, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Rita Hayworth, Stewart Granger, Judith Anderson, Charles Laughton, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is San Antone, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Rod Cameron, Arleen Whelan, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Scared Stiff, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Lizabeth Scott, Carmen Miranda, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Sea Devils, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Rock Hudson, Yvonne De Carlo, Maxwell Reed, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Sea of Lost Ships, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is John Derek, Wanda Hendrix, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Second Chance, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jack Palance, Linda Darnell, genre is thriller. Release year is 1953, title is Seminole, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Rock Hudson, Anthony Quinn, Barbara Hale, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Serpent of the Nile, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Rhonda Fleming, Raymond Burr, William Lundigan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Shane, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Alan Ladd, Van Heflin, Jean Arthur, Brandon De Wilde, Jack Palance, Ben Johnson, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is She's Back on Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson, Steve Cochran, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Sins of Jezebel, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Paulette Goddard, George Nader, Margia Dean, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Small Town Girl, ethnicity is American, director is László Kardos, cast is Jane Powell, Farley Granger, Ann Miller, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is So Big!, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Jane Wyman, Sterling Hayden, Steve Forrest, Nancy Olson, Martha Hyer, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is South of Algiers, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Lee, cast is Van Heflin, Wanda Hendrix, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is South Sea Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Burt Lancaster, Virginia Mayo, Chuck Connors, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Spaceways, ethnicity is American, director is Terence Fisher, cast is Howard Duff, Eva Bartók, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1953, title is Split Second, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Powell, cast is Stephen McNally, Alexis Smith, Jan Sterling, genre is thriller. Release year is 1953, title is Stalag 17, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is William Holden, Don Taylor, Otto Preminger, Harvey Lembeck, Robert Strauss, Peter Graves, genre is p.o.w.. Release year is 1953, title is The Steel Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Ewald André Dupont, cast is Rod Cameron, Tab Hunter, John Dehner, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Story of Three Loves, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, Gottfried Reinhardt, cast is Pier Angeli, Kirk Douglas, Leslie Caron, Ethel Barrymore, James Mason, Farley Granger, Ricky Nelson, genre is romance, trilogy. Release year is 1953, title is The Stranger Wore a Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Andre DeToth, cast is Randolph Scott, Claire Trevor, Joan Weldon, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is The Sun Shines Bright, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Charles Winninger, Arleen Whelan, Stepin Fetchit, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Sword and the Rose, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Annakin, cast is Glynis Johns, Richard Todd, James Robertson Justice, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is The System, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Frank Lovejoy, Joan Weldon, Robert Arthur, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is Take Me to Town, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Sterling Hayden, Ann Sheridan, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Take the High Ground!, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Richard Widmark, Karl Malden, Russ Tamblyn, genre is war. Release year is 1953, title is Taxi, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Ratoff, cast is Dan Dailey, Constance Smith, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Terror Street, ethnicity is American, director is Montgomery Tully, cast is Dan Duryea, Elsie Albiin, genre is crime. Release year is 1953, title is Those Redheads from Seattle, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is Rhonda Fleming, Gene Barry, Agnes Moorehead, Teresa Brewer, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Three Sailors and a Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Jane Powell, Gordon MacRae, genre is musical. Release year is 1953, title is Thunder Bay, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is James Stewart, Dan Duryea, Joanne Dru, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Thunder Over the Plains, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Randolph Scott, Lex Barker, Phyllis Kirk, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Time Bomb, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is Glenn Ford, Anne Vernon, genre is suspense. Release year is 1953, title is Titanic, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Clifton Webb, Robert Wagner, Thelma Ritter, Richard Basehart, genre is biography. Release year is 1953, title is Torch Song, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Joan Crawford, Michael Wilding, Gig Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Treasure of the Golden Condor, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Cornel Wilde, Constance Smith, Finlay Currie, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Tropic Zone, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Foster, cast is Ronald Reagan, Rhonda Fleming, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Trouble Along the Way, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is John Wayne, Donna Reed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is Tumbleweed, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Audie Murphy, Lori Nelson, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is The Twonky, ethnicity is American, director is Arch Oboler, cast is Hans Conreid, Gloria Blondell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1953, title is The Veils of Bagdad, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Victor Mature, Mari Blanchard, genre is action drama. Release year is 1953, title is Vice Squad, ethnicity is American, director is Arnold Laven, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Paulette Goddard, genre is film noir. Release year is 1953, title is Vicki, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Horner, cast is Jeanne Crain, Jean Peters, Richard Boone, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1953, title is War Paint, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Robert Stack, Joan Taylor, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is The War of the Worlds, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Gene Barry, Ann Robinson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1953, title is White Lightning, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Stanley Clements, Barbara Bestar, Steve Brodie, genre is sports drama. Release year is 1953, title is White Witch Doctor, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Robert Mitchum, Susan Hayward, genre is adventure. Release year is 1953, title is Wicked Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Rouse, cast is Beverly Michaels, Richard Egan, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is The Wild One, ethnicity is American, director is Laszlo Benedek, cast is Marlon Brando, Lee Marvin, genre is drama. Release year is 1953, title is Wings of the Hawk, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Van Heflin, Julie Adams, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Woman They Almost Lynched, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Audrey Totter, Joan Leslie, genre is western. Release year is 1953, title is Young Bess, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Jean Simmons, Stewart Granger, Deborah Kerr, Charles Laughton, genre is biography. Release year is 1954, title is 3 Ring Circus, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Zsa Zsa Gabor, Joanne Dru, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1954, title is 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Kirk Douglas, James Mason, Paul Lukas, Peter Lorre, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is The Adventures of Hajji Baba, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is John Derek, Elaine Stewart, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Alaska Seas, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Robert Ryan, Brian Keith, Jan Sterling, genre is crime. Release year is 1954, title is Apache, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Burt Lancaster, Jean Peters, John McIntire, Charles Bronson, John Dehner, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Arrow in the Dust, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Sterling Hayden, Coleen Gray, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Athena, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Jane Powell, Debbie Reynolds, Virginia Gibson, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is The Atomic Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie H. Martinson, cast is Mickey Rooney, Robert Strauss, Elaine Devry, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Baby Buggy Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is Charles M. Jones, cast is Mel Blanc, genre is animated. Release year is 1954, title is Bait, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Haas, cast is Cleo Moore, John Agar, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is The Barefoot Contessa, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Ava Gardner, Rossano Brazzi, Edmond O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is The Battle of Rogue River, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is George Montgomery, Martha Hyer, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Beachhead, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Tony Curtis, Frank Lovejoy, Mary Murphy, genre is war. Release year is 1954, title is Beautiful Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Ginger Rogers, Herbert Lom, Stanley Baker, genre is mystery. Release year is 1954, title is Bengal Brigade, ethnicity is American, director is Lazlo Benedek, cast is Rock Hudson, Arlene Dahl, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Betrayed, ethnicity is American, director is Gottfried Reinhardt, cast is Clark Gable, Lana Turner, Victor Mature, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is The Black Dakotas, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Wanda Hendrix, Gary Merrill, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Black Knight, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Alan Ladd, Patricia Medina, Peter Cushing, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is The Black Shield of Falworth, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Tony Curtis, Janet Leigh, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Black Tuesday, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Peter Graves, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1954, title is Black Widow, ethnicity is American, director is Nunnally Johnson, cast is Ginger Rogers, Van Heflin, Gene Tierney, George Raft, genre is mystery. Release year is 1954, title is Border River, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Joel McCrea, Yvonne de Carlo, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Bounty Hunter, ethnicity is American, director is Andre DeToth, cast is Randolph Scott, Marie Windsor, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Bowery Boys Meet the Monsters, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is The Bridges at Toko-Ri, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is William Holden, Grace Kelly, Fredric March, Mickey Rooney, Earl Holliman, genre is war. Release year is 1954, title is Brigadoon, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Gene Kelly, Van Johnson, Cyd Charisse, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is Bright Road, ethnicity is American, director is Gerald Mayer, cast is Dorothy Dandridge, Harry Belafonte, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Broken Lance, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Spencer Tracy, Robert Wagner, Richard Widmark, Katy Jurado, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Bugs and Thugs, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Mel Blanc, genre is animated. Release year is 1954, title is A Bullet Is Waiting, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Jean Simmons, Rory Calhoun, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Caine Mutiny, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Humphrey Bogart, José Ferrer, Van Johnson, Fred MacMurray, Robert Francis, E.G. Marshall, Tom Tully, Jerry Paris, May Wynn, Lee Marvin, genre is war, drama. Release year is 1954, title is Cannibal Attack, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Sholem, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Judy Walsh, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Captain Kidd and the Slave Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is Anthony Dexter, Eva Gabor, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Carmen Jones, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Harry Belafonte, Dorothy Dandridge, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is Carnival Story, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Anne Baxter, Steve Cochran, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Casanova's Big Night, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Bob Hope, Joan Fontaine, Basil Rathbone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Cattle Queen of Montana, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Ronald Reagan, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Command, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Guy Madison, James Whitmore, Joan Weldon, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Country Girl, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Bing Crosby, Grace Kelly, William Holden, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Creature from the Black Lagoon, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Richard Carlson, Julie Adams, Richard Denning, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1954, title is Crime Wave, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Sterling Hayden, Gene Nelson, Ted de Corsia, Phyllis Kirk, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1954, title is Crossed Swords, ethnicity is American, director is Milton Krims, cast is Errol Flynn, Gina Lollobrigida, genre is swashbuckler. Release year is 1954, title is Cry Vengeance, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Stevens, cast is Mark Stevens, Skip Homeier, Martha Hyer, genre is crime. Release year is 1954, title is Dangerous Mission, ethnicity is American, director is Louis King, cast is Victor Mature, Piper Laurie, genre is thriller. Release year is 1954, title is Dawn at Socorro, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Rory Calhoun, Piper Laurie, David Brian, Kathleen Hughes, Alex Nicol, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Demetrius and the Gladiators, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Victor Mature, Susan Hayward, Michael Rennie, Debra Paget, Anne Bancroft, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Désirée, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Marlon Brando, Jean Simmons, Merle Oberon, genre is historical. Release year is 1954, title is Destry, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Audie Murphy, Mari Blanchard, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Dial M for Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Grace Kelly, Ray Milland, Robert Cummings, Anthony Dawson, John Williams, genre is suspense. Release year is 1954, title is Down Three Dark Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Arnold Laven, cast is Broderick Crawford, Ruth Roman, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1954, title is Dragnet, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Webb, cast is Jack Webb, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is Dragonfly Squadron, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is John Hodiak, Barbara Britton, genre is war. Release year is 1954, title is Drive a Crooked Road, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Mickey Rooney, Dianne Foster, Kevin McCarthy, genre is crime. Release year is 1954, title is Drum Beat, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Alan Ladd, Audrey Dalton, Marisa Pavan, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Drums Across the River, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan H. Juran, cast is Audie Murphy, Lisa Gaye, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Drums of Tahiti, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Patricia Medina, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is The Egyptian, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Jean Simmons, Victor Mature, Gene Tierney, Michael Wilding, Peter Ustinov, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Elephant Walk, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Dana Andrews, Peter Finch, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Executive Suite, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is William Holden, Barbara Stanwyck, Fredric March, June Allyson, Walter Pidgeon, Paul Douglas, Shelley Winters, Louis Calhern, Nina Foch, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Fireman Save My Child, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Hugh O'Brian, Buddy Hackett, Adele Jergens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Flame and the Flesh, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Lana Turner, Pier Angeli, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Four Guns to the Border, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Carlson, cast is Rory Calhoun, Colleen Miller, Nina Foch, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Francis Joins the WACS, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Donald O'Connor, Julie Adams, Mamie Van Doren, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is The French Line, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Jane Russell, Gilbert Roland, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is The Gambler from Natchez, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Dale Robertson, Debra Paget, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Garden of Evil, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Gary Cooper, Susan Hayward, Richard Widmark, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Glenn Miller Story, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is James Stewart, June Allyson, Charles Drake, George Tobias, Harry Morgan, genre is biography, musical. Release year is 1954, title is Gog, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert L. Strock, cast is Richard Egan, Herbert Marshall, Constance Dowling, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1954, title is The Golden Idol, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Johnny Sheffield, Anne Kimbell, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Gorilla at Large, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is Cameron Mitchell, Anne Bancroft, Lee J. Cobb, genre is mystery. Release year is 1954, title is The Great Diamond Robbery, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Red Skelton, James Whitmore, Cara Williams, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Green Fire, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Grace Kelly, Stewart Granger, Paul Douglas, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Gunfighters of the Northwest, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Bennet, cast is Jock Mahoney, Phyllis Coates, genre is serial. Release year is 1954, title is Gypsy Colt, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Donna Corcoran, Ward Bond, genre is family. Release year is 1954, title is Hell and High Water, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Richard Widmark, Bella Darvi, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Hell Below Zero, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Alan Ladd, Stanley Baker, Joan Tetzel, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Hell's Half Acre, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Evelyn Keyes, Wendell Corey, genre is crime. Release year is 1954, title is Hell's Outpost, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Rod Cameron, Joan Leslie, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Her Twelve Men, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Greer Garson, Robert Ryan, Barry Sullivan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is The High and the Mighty, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is John Wayne, Robert Stack, Laraine Day, Claire Trevor, Jan Sterling, Robert Newton, Sidney Blackmer, Phil Harris, Paul Fix, Doe Avedon, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Highway Dragnet, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Richard Conte, Joan Bennett, Wanda Hendrix, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1954, title is His Majesty O'Keefe, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Burt Lancaster, Joan Rice, André Morell, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Human Desire, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Glenn Ford, Gloria Grahame, Broderick Crawford, genre is suspense. Release year is 1954, title is The Human Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Gary Merrill, Jan Sterling, genre is crime. Release year is 1954, title is The Iron Glove, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Robert Stack, Ursula Thiess, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is It Should Happen to You, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Judy Holliday, Peter Lawford, Jack Lemmon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Jail Bait, ethnicity is American, director is Ed Wood, cast is Dolores Fuller, Steve Reeves, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Jesse James vs. the Daltons, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Brett King, Barbara Lawrence, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Jesse James' Women, ethnicity is American, director is Don "Red" Barry, cast is Peggie Castle, Don "Red" Barry, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Jivaro, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Fernando Lamas, Rhonda Fleming, Brian Keith, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Johnny Dark, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Tony Curtis, Piper Laurie, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Johnny Guitar, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Joan Crawford, Sterling Hayden, Mercedes McCambridge, Ernest Borgnine, Ward Bond, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Jubilee Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is John Russell, Joan Leslie, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Jungle Gents, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Laurette Luez, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Killer Leopard, ethnicity is American, director is Ford Beebe, cast is Johnny Sheffield, Beverly Garland, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Killers from Space, ethnicity is American, director is W. Lee Wilder, cast is Peter Graves, James Seay, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1954, title is King Richard and the Crusaders, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Rex Harrison, Virginia Mayo, George Sanders, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Knock on Wood, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, Norman Panama, cast is Danny Kaye, Mai Zetterling, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is The Last Time I Saw Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Van Johnson, Elizabeth Taylor, Donna Reed, genre is romance. Release year is 1954, title is The Law vs. Billy the Kid, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Scott Brady, Betta St. John, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Lawless Rider, ethnicity is American, director is Yakima Canutt, cast is Johnny Carpenter, Noel Neill, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is A Life at Stake, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Guilfoyle, cast is Angela Lansbury, Keith Andes, Douglas Dumbrille, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is Little School Mouse, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1954, title is Living It Up, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Janet Leigh, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is The Lone Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is George Montgomery, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Long, Long Trailer, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Lucille Ball, Desi Arnaz, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is The Long Wait, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Saville, cast is Anthony Quinn, Charles Coburn, Peggie Castle, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is Loophole, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Schuster, cast is Barry Sullivan, Dorothy Malone, Charles McGraw, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is Lucky Me, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Donohue, cast is Doris Day, Phil Silvers, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is The Mad Magician, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Vincent Price, Eva Gabor, genre is thriller. Release year is 1954, title is Make Haste to Live, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Seiter, cast is Dorothy McGuire, Stephen McNally, genre is suspense. Release year is 1954, title is Magnificent Obsession, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Rock Hudson, Jane Wyman, Agnes Moorehead, Otto Kruger, Barbara Rush, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Man with the Steel Whip, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Dick Simmons, Dale Van Sickel, genre is serial. Release year is 1954, title is Masterson of Kansas, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is George Montgomery, Nancy Gates, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Men of the Fighting Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Van Johnson, Walter Pidgeon, Frank Lovejoy, genre is war. Release year is 1954, title is The Miami Story, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Barry Sullivan, Luther Adler, Beverly Garland, genre is crime. Release year is 1954, title is Miss Robin Crusoe, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Frenke, cast is Amanda Blake, George Nader, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Monster from the Ocean Floor, ethnicity is American, director is Wyott Ordung, cast is Anne Kimbell, Stuart Wade, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1954, title is Naked Alibi, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Sterling Hayden, Gloria Grahame, Gene Barry, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is The Naked Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Charlton Heston, Eleanor Parker, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is New Faces, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Horner, cast is Ronny Graham, Eartha Kitt, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is Night People, ethnicity is American, director is Nunnally Johnson, cast is Gregory Peck, Broderick Crawford, Anita Bjork, Rita Gam, Walter Abel, Buddy Ebsen, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is On the Waterfront, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Marlon Brando, Eva Marie Saint, Karl Malden, Rod Steiger, Lee J. Cobb, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is The Other Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Haas, cast is Cleo Moore, Hugo Haas, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is The Outcast, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is John Derek, Joan Evans, Jim Davis, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Overland Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Jock Mahoney, Peggie Castle, Adele Jergens, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Paris Playboys, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Passion, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Cornel Wilde, Yvonne De Carlo, Raymond Burr, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Phantom of the Rue Morgue, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Karl Malden, Claude Dauphin, Patricia Medina, genre is mystery. Release year is 1954, title is Phffft!, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Judy Holliday, Jack Lemmon, Jack Carson, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Playgirl, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Shelley Winters, Colleen Miller, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is Pride of the Blue Grass, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Lloyd Bridges, Vera Miles, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Prince Valiant, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is James Mason, Janet Leigh, Robert Wagner, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Princess of the Nile, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is Debra Paget, Jeffrey Hunter, Michael Rennie, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Private Hell 36, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Ida Lupino, Howard Duff, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is Pushover, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Fred MacMurray, Kim Novak, Philip Carey, Dorothy Malone, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is The Raid, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Van Heflin, Anne Bancroft, Richard Boone, Lee Marvin, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Rails Into Laramie, ethnicity is American, director is Jesse Hibbs, cast is John Payne, Mari Blanchard, Dan Duryea, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Rear Window, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Grace Kelly, James Stewart, Thelma Ritter, Wendell Corey, Raymond Burr, genre is suspense. Release year is 1954, title is Red Garters, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Rosemary Clooney, Jack Carson, Guy Mitchell, Gene Barry, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is Rhapsody, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Vittorio Gassman, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Ride Clear of Diablo, ethnicity is American, director is Jesse Hibbs, cast is Audie Murphy, Dan Duryea, Susan Cabot, Russell Johnson, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Riders to the Stars, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Carlson, cast is William Lundigan, Martha Hyer, Dawn Addams, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1954, title is Riding Shotgun, ethnicity is American, director is Andre DeToth, cast is Randolph Scott, Joan Weldon, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Riot in Cell Block 11, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Neville Brand, Frank Faylen, Leo Gordon, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is River of No Return, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Robert Mitchum, Marilyn Monroe, Rory Calhoun, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Robinson Crusoe, ethnicity is American, director is Luis Buñuel, cast is Dan O'Herlihy, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is The Rocket Man, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Rudolph, cast is Charles Coburn, Anne Francis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Rogue Cop, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Robert Taylor, George Raft, Janet Leigh, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is Roogie's Bump, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Young, cast is Ruth Warrick, Olive Blakeney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Sabrina, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Audrey Hepburn, William Holden, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Salt of the Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert J. Biberman, cast is Rosaura Revueltas, Will Geer, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Saskatchewan, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Alan Ladd, Shelley Winters, J. Carrol Naish, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Secret of the Incas, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Charlton Heston, Robert Young, Nicole Maurey, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Howard Keel, Jane Powell, Russ Tamblyn, Jeff Richards, Julie Newmar, Ruta Lee, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is The Shanghai Story, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Ruth Roman, Edmond O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is She Couldn't Say No, ethnicity is American, director is Lloyd Bacon, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jean Simmons, genre is comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Shield for Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Edmond O'Brien, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Marla English, John Agar, genre is film noir. Release year is 1954, title is Siege at Red River, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Van Johnson, Joanne Dru, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Sign of the Pagan, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Jack Palance, Jeff Chandler, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Silent Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Bartlett, cast is Richard Bartlett, Dean Fredericks, genre is war. Release year is 1954, title is The Silver Chalice, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Saville, cast is Paul Newman, Virginia Mayo, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Silver Lode, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Dan Duryea, John Payne, Lizabeth Scott, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Sitting Bull, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Dale Robertson, Mary Murphy, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Smarty Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1954, title is The Snow Creature, ethnicity is American, director is W. Lee Wilder, cast is Paul Langton, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1954, title is Southwest Passage, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Joanne Dru, Rod Cameron, John Ireland, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is A Star Is Born, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Judy Garland, James Mason, Charles Bickford, Jack Carson, Tommy Noonan, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is The Steel Cage, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Doniger, cast is Maureen O'Sullivan, Lawrence Tierney, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is The Student Prince, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Ann Blyth, Edmund Purdom, Louis Calhern, Edmund Gwenn, Betta St. John, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is Suddenly, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Frank Sinatra, Sterling Hayden, Nancy Gates, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1954, title is Susan Slept Here, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Dick Powell, Debbie Reynolds, Anne Francis, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1954, title is Target Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Sherman Rose, cast is Richard Denning, Kathleen Crowley, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1954, title is Taza, Son of Cochise, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Rock Hudson, Barbara Rush, Rex Reason, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Tennessee Champ, ethnicity is American, director is Fred M. Wilcox, cast is Shelley Winters, Keenan Wynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Them!, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is James Whitmore, Edmund Gwenn, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1954, title is There's No Business Like Show Business, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Ethel Merman, Donald O'Connor, Marilyn Monroe, Mitzi Gaynor, Dan Dailey, Johnnie Ray, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is They Rode West, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Robert Francis, Donna Reed, Philip Carey, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is They Were So Young, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Raymond Burr, Scott Brady, Johanna Matz, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is This Is My Love, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Linda Darnell, Faith Domergue, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Three Coins in the Fountain, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Clifton Webb, Dorothy McGuire, Jean Peters, Rossano Brazzi, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Three Hours to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Dana Andrews, Donna Reed, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Three Young Texans, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, Keefe Brasselle, Mitzi Gaynor, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Tobor the Great, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Sholem, cast is Charles Drake, Steven Geray, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1954, title is Top Banana, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred E. Green, cast is Phil Silvers, Rose Marie, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is Track of the Cat, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is Robert Mitchum, Teresa Wright, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Vera Cruz, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Gary Cooper, Burt Lancaster, Ernest Borgnine, Cesar Romero, Sara Montiel, Denise Darcel, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is War Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Jeff Chandler, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is White Christmas, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Rosemary Clooney, Bing Crosby, Danny Kaye, Vera-Ellen, Dean Jagger, genre is musical. Release year is 1954, title is The White Orchid, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald LeBorg, cast is William Lundigan, Peggie Castle, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is Witness to Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, George Sanders, genre is suspense. Release year is 1954, title is Woman's World, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Clifton Webb, June Allyson, Van Heflin, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is World for Ransom, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Dan Duryea, Gene Lockhart, genre is drama. Release year is 1954, title is Yankee Pasha, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Rhonda Fleming, Jeff Chandler, genre is adventure. Release year is 1954, title is The Yellow Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is Jesse Hibbs, cast is Lex Barker, Mala Powers, Howard Duff, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is The Yellow Tomahawk, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Rory Calhoun, Peggie Castle, genre is western. Release year is 1954, title is Young at Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Doris Day, Frank Sinatra, genre is musical, drama. Release year is 1955, title is 5 Against the House, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Kim Novak, Brian Keith, genre is crime. Release year is 1955, title is Abbott and Costello Meet the Keystone Kops, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Abbott and Costello, Mack Sennett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is Abbott and Costello Meet the Mummy, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Lamont, cast is Abbott and Costello, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1955, title is The Adventures of Captain Africa, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is John Hart, Rick Vallin, genre is serial. Release year is 1955, title is The Adventures of Quentin Durward, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Robert Taylor, Kay Kendall, genre is historical. Release year is 1955, title is Air Strike, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Roth, cast is Richard Denning, Gloria Jean, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is All That Heaven Allows, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Jane Wyman, Rock Hudson, genre is romance. Release year is 1955, title is The Americano, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Glenn Ford, Cesar Romero, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is An Annapolis Story, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is John Derek, Diana Lynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Angela, ethnicity is American, director is Dennis O'Keefe, cast is Mara Lane, Rossano Brazzi, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Apache Ambush, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Bill Williams, Richard Jaeckel, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Apache Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Joan Taylor, Lloyd Bridges, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Artists and Models, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Shirley MacLaine, Dorothy Malone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is At Gunpoint, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Fred MacMurray, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Bad Day at Black Rock, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Spencer Tracy, Robert Ryan, Walter Brennan, Lee Marvin, Ernest Borgnine, Anne Francis, genre is western, drama. Release year is 1955, title is Battle Cry, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Van Heflin, Aldo Ray, James Whitmore, Tab Hunter, Mona Freeman, Anne Francis, genre is war. Release year is 1955, title is Battle Taxi, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert L. Strock, cast is Sterling Hayden, Arthur Franz, genre is war drama. Release year is 1955, title is Beanstalk Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1955, title is Bedevilled, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Anne Baxter, Steve Forrest, genre is crime. Release year is 1955, title is The Big Bluff, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Wilder, cast is Martha Vickers, John Bromfield, genre is crime. Release year is 1955, title is The Big Combo, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Cornel Wilde, Richard Conte, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Big House, U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Broderick Crawford, William Talman, Charles Bronson, genre is crime. Release year is 1955, title is The Big Knife, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Jack Palance, Ida Lupino, Rod Steiger, Shelley Winters, Wendell Corey, Jean Hagen, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Blackboard Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Glenn Ford, Sidney Poitier, Vic Morrow, Richard Kiley, Louis Calhern, Anne Francis, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Blood Alley, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is John Wayne, Lauren Bacall, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Bowery to Bagdad, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Eric Blore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is Bride of the Monster, ethnicity is American, director is Ed Wood, cast is Bela Lugosi, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1955, title is Bring Your Smile Along, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Frankie Laine, Constance Towers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is A Bullet for Joey, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Edward G. Robinson, George Raft, Audrey Totter, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Canyon Crossroads, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Richard Basehart, Phyllis Kirk, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Chicago Syndicate, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Dennis O'Keefe, Abbe Lane, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is The Cobweb, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Richard Widmark, Gloria Grahame, Lauren Bacall, Lillian Gish, Charles Boyer, John Kerr, Susan Strasberg, Fay Wray, Adele Jergens, Oscar Levant, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Conquest of Space, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Walter Brooke, Mickey Shaughnessy, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1955, title is Count Three and Pray, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Van Heflin, Joanne Woodward, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Court-Martial of Billy Mitchell, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Gary Cooper, Rod Steiger, Charles Bickford, Elizabeth Montgomery, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1955, title is Crashout, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is William Bendix, William Talman, Arthur Kennedy, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Creature with the Atom Brain, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Richard Denning, Angela Stevens, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1955, title is The Crooked Web, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Frank Lovejoy, Mari Blanchard, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Cult of the Cobra, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is Faith Domergue, Richard Long, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1955, title is Daddy Long Legs, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Fred Astaire, Leslie Caron, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is The Dark Avenger, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Errol Flynn, Joanne Dru, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Fess Parker, Buddy Ebsen, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is Day the World Ended, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Richard Denning, Adele Jergens, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1955, title is Desert Sands, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Ralph Meeker, Marla English, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is The Desperate Hours, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Fredric March, Gig Young, Arthur Kennedy, Martha Scott, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Devil Goddess, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer G. Bennet, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Angela Stevens, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is East of Eden, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Julie Harris, James Dean, Raymond Massey, Burl Ives, Richard Davalos, Jo Van Fleet, Albert Dekker, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The End of the Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Deborah Kerr, Van Johnson, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Escape to Burma, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Robert Ryan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is The Eternal Sea, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Sterling Hayden, Alexis Smith, genre is war. Release year is 1955, title is The Far Country, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is James Stewart, Walter Brennan, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Far Horizons, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Fred MacMurray, Charlton Heston, genre is historical. Release year is 1955, title is The Fast and the Furious, ethnicity is American, director is John Ireland, cast is John Ireland, Dorothy Malone, genre is action. Release year is 1955, title is Female Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Bruno VeSota, cast is Lawrence Tierney, Jayne Mansfield, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Female on the Beach, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Joan Crawford, Jeff Chandler, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is The Fighting Chance, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Julie London, Rod Cameron, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Finger Man, ethnicity is American, director is Harold D. Schuster, cast is Forrest Tucker, Peggie Castle, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Fort Yuma, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Peter Graves, Joan Vohs, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Foxfire, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Jane Russell, Jeff Chandler, Dan Duryea, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Francis in the Navy, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Donald O'Connor, Martha Hyer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is The Gamma People, ethnicity is American, director is John Gilling, cast is Paul Douglas, Eva Bartok, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1955, title is Gentlemen Marry Brunettes, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is Jane Russell, Jeanne Crain, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is The Girl in the Red Velvet Swing, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Ray Milland, Joan Collins, Farley Granger, genre is period drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Girl Rush, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Pirosh, cast is Rosalind Russell, Fernando Lamas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is The Glass Slipper, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Leslie Caron, Michael Wilding, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is Good Morning Miss Dove, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Jennifer Jones, Robert Stack, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Gun That Won the West, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Dennis Morgan, Paula Raymond, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Guys and Dolls, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Marlon Brando, Frank Sinatra, Jean Simmons, Vivian Blaine, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is Hare Brush, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1955, title is Hell on Frisco Bay, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Alan Ladd, Edward G. Robinson, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Hell's Horizon, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Gries, cast is John Ireland, Marla English, genre is war. Release year is 1955, title is Hell's Island, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is John Payne, Mary Murphy, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Hit the Deck, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Ann Miller, Jane Powell, Debbie Reynolds, Tony Martin, Russ Tamblyn, Vic Damone, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is Hold Back Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Haas, cast is John Agar, Cleo Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is House of Bamboo, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Robert Ryan, Robert Stack, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is How to Be Very, Very Popular, ethnicity is American, director is Nunnally Johnson, cast is Betty Grable, Sheree North, Bob Cummings, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is Hyde and Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1955, title is I Am a Camera, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Cornelius, cast is Julie Harris, Laurence Harvey, Ron Randell, Shelley Winters, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is I Died a Thousand Times, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Jack Palance, Shelley Winters, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1955, title is I'll Cry Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Susan Hayward, Richard Conte, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Illegal, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Nina Foch, Jayne Mansfield, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is The Indian Fighter, ethnicity is American, director is Andre DeToth, cast is Kirk Douglas, Elsa Martinelli, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Interrupted Melody, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Glenn Ford, Eleanor Parker, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is It Came from Beneath the Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Gordon, cast is Kenneth Tobey, Faith Domergue, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1955, title is It's Always Fair Weather, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Kelly, cast is Gene Kelly, Cyd Charisse, Dan Dailey, Michael Kidd, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is It's a Dog's Life, ethnicity is American, director is Herman Hoffman, cast is Edmund Gwenn, Dean Jagger, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Jail Busters, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is Joe MacBeth, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Hughes, cast is Jean Simmons, Paul Douglas, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Jump into Hell, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Kurt Kasznar, Patricia Blair, genre is war. Release year is 1955, title is Jungle Moon Men, ethnicity is American, director is Charles S. Gould, cast is Johnny Weissmuller, Jean Byron, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is The Kentuckian, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Lancaster, cast is Burt Lancaster, Dianne Foster, Diana Lynn, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is Kentucky Rifle, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Hittleman, cast is Chill Wills, Cathy Downs, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Killer's Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is Jamie Smith, Frank Silvera, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is King of the Carnival, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Harry Lauter, Fran Bennett, genre is serial. Release year is 1955, title is King's Rhapsody, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Wilcox, cast is Errol Flynn, Patrice Wymore, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The King's Thief, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Z. Leonard, cast is Ann Blyth, David Niven, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is Kismet, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Howard Keel, Ann Blyth, Dolores Gray, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is Kiss Me Deadly, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Ralph Meeker, Albert Dekker, Gaby Rodgers, Cloris Leachman, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Kiss of Fire, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Jack Palance, Barbara Rush, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is Lady and the Tramp, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Geronimi, Wilfred Jackson, cast is Peggy Lee, Barbara Luddy, genre is animation. Release year is 1955, title is Lady Godiva of Coventry, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Maureen O'Hara, George Nader, Victor McLaglen, genre is historical. Release year is 1955, title is Land of the Pharaohs, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is Jack Hawkins, Joan Collins, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is The Last Command, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Lloyd, cast is Sterling Hayden, Anna Maria Alberghetti, Ernest Borgnine, genre is war, western. Release year is 1955, title is The Last Frontier, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Victor Mature, Guy Madison, Robert Preston, Anne Bancroft, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is A Lawless Street, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Randolph Scott, Angela Lansbury, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Left Hand of God, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Gene Tierney, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Long Gray Line, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Tyrone Power, Maureen O'Hara, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Love Me or Leave Me, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Doris Day, James Cagney, genre is musical, biography. Release year is 1955, title is Lucy Gallant, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Parrish, cast is Jane Wyman, Charlton Heston, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Magic Fire, ethnicity is American, director is William Dieterle, cast is Alan Badel, Valentina Cortese, Rita Gam, Yvonne De Carlo, genre is biography. Release year is 1955, title is Mambo, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is Silvana Mangano, Michael Rennie, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is A Man Alone, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Milland, cast is Ray Milland, Mary Murphy, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is A Man Called Peter, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Richard Todd, Jean Peters, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Man from Bitter Ridge, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Mara Corday, Lex Barker, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Man from Laramie, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is James Stewart, Arthur Kennedy, Cathy O'Donnell, Donald Crisp, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Man with the Golden Arm, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Frank Sinatra, Eleanor Parker, Kim Novak, Darren McGavin, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Man with the Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wilson, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jan Sterling, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Man Without a Star, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Kirk Douglas, Jeanne Crain, Claire Trevor, Richard Boone, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Many Rivers to Cross, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Robert Taylor, Eleanor Parker, genre is romance. Release year is 1955, title is The Marauders, ethnicity is American, director is Gerald Mayer, cast is Dan Duryea, Keenan Wynn, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Marty, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Ernest Borgnine, Betsy Blair, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The McConnell Story, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Alan Ladd, June Allyson, genre is biography. Release year is 1955, title is Mister Roberts, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Henry Fonda, James Cagney, Jack Lemmon, William Powell, Ward Bond, Betsy Palmer, genre is war. Release year is 1955, title is Moonfleet, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is George Sanders, Stewart Granger, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Mr. Arkadin, ethnicity is American, director is Orson Welles, cast is Orson Welles, Akim Tamiroff, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Murder Is My Beat, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Barbara Payton, Paul Langton, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Naked Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is Arthur Kennedy, Betta St. John, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Naked Street, ethnicity is American, director is Maxwell Shane, cast is Anne Bancroft, Anthony Quinn, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is New Orleans Uncensored, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Beverly Garland, Arthur Franz, genre is crime. Release year is 1955, title is New York Confidential, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Rouse, cast is Broderick Crawford, Richard Conte, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Night Holds Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Stone, cast is Vince Edwards, John Cassavetes, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Night of the Hunter, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Laughton, cast is Robert Mitchum, Shelley Winters, genre is suspense. Release year is 1955, title is Not as a Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Robert Mitchum, Frank Sinatra, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Oklahoma!, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Gordon MacRae, Shirley Jones, Rod Steiger, Gloria Grahame, Gene Nelson, Eddie Albert, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is One Desire, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Anne Baxter, Rock Hudson, Julia Adams, genre is romantic drama. Release year is 1955, title is Outlaw Treasure, ethnicity is American, director is Oliver Drake, cast is Adele Jergens, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Panther Girl of the Kongo, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Phyllis Coates, genre is serial. Release year is 1955, title is Paris Follies of 1956, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Goodwins, cast is Forrest Tucker, Margaret Whiting, Barbara Whiting, Martha Hyer, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is Pearl of the South Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Virginia Mayo, Dennis Morgan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is Pete Kelly's Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Webb, cast is Jack Webb, Janet Leigh, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Phantom from 10,000 Leagues, ethnicity is American, director is Dan Milner, cast is Kent Taylor, Cathy Downs, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1955, title is The Phenix City Story, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is John McIntire, Richard Kiley, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Picnic, ethnicity is American, director is Joshua Logan, cast is William Holden, Kim Novak, Rosalind Russell, Susan Strasberg, Cliff Robertson, Betty Field, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Prince of Players, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Dunne, cast is Richard Burton, John Derek, genre is historical. Release year is 1955, title is A Prize of Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Richard Widmark, Mai Zetterling, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Prodigal, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Lana Turner, Louis Calhern, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Purple Mask, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Tony Curtis, Colleen Miller, Angela Lansbury, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is Queen Bee, ethnicity is American, director is Ranald MacDougall, cast is Joan Crawford, Betsy Palmer, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Rabbit Rampage, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1955, title is The Racers, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Kirk Douglas, Bella Darvi, genre is sports drama. Release year is 1955, title is Rage at Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Whelan, cast is Randolph Scott, Forrest Tucker, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Rains of Ranchipur, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Lana Turner, Richard Burton, Fred MacMurray, Michael Rennie, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Rebel Without a Cause, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is James Dean, Natalie Wood, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Revenge of the Creature, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is John Agar, Lori Nelson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1955, title is The Road to Denver, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is John Payne, Mona Freeman, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Robbers' Roost, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Richard Boone, George Montgomery, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Rose Tattoo, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Anna Magnani, Burt Lancaster, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Run for Cover, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is James Cagney, Viveca Lindfors, John Derek, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Sahara Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated short. Release year is 1955, title is Santa Fe Passage, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is John Payne, Faith Domergue, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Scarlet Coat, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Cornel Wilde, Michael Wilding, Anne Francis, genre is historical. Release year is 1955, title is The Sea Chase, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Lana Turner, John Wayne, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is The Second Greatest Sex, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Jeanne Crain, Kitty Kallen, Mamie van Doren, Kathleen Case, George Nader, Bert Lahr, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1955, title is Seven Angry Men, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Raymond Massey, Jeffrey Hunter, Debra Paget, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Seven Cities of Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Robert D. Webb, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, Rita Moreno, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is The Seven Little Foys, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Bob Hope, James Cagney, genre is comedy, biography. Release year is 1955, title is The Seven Year Itch, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Tom Ewell, Marilyn Monroe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is Shack Out on 101, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dein, cast is Terry Moore, Frank Lovejoy, Lee Marvin, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is The Shrike, ethnicity is American, director is José Ferrer, cast is José Ferrer, June Allyson, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Sincerely Yours, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Liberace, Joanne Dru, Dorothy Malone, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Six Bridges to Cross, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Tony Curtis, George Nader, Julie Adams, Sal Mineo, Jay C. Flippen, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Smoke Signal, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Dana Andrews, Piper Laurie, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is So This Is Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Tony Curtis, Gloria DeHaven, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is Soldier of Fortune, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Clark Gable, Susan Hayward, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Son of Sinbad, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is Dale Robertson, Sally Forrest, Vincent Price, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is Southbound Duckling, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1955, title is Special Delivery, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Joseph Cotten, Eva Bartok, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is The Spoilers, ethnicity is American, director is Jesse Hibbs, cast is Anne Baxter, Jeff Chandler, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Spy Chasers, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Sig Ruman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is The Square Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Tony Curtis, Patricia Crowley, Ernest Borgnine, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Storm Fear, ethnicity is American, director is Cornel Wilde, cast is Cornel Wilde, Jean Wallace, Lee Grant, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is Strange Lady in Town, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Greer Garson, Dana Andrews, Cameron Mitchell, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Stranger on Horseback, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Joel McCrea, Nancy Gates, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Strategic Air Command, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is James Stewart, June Allyson, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Sudden Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Hubert Cornfield, cast is Bill Elliott, Beverly Garland, genre is suspense. Release year is 1955, title is Summertime, ethnicity is American, director is David Lean, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Rossano Brazzi, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Swamp Women, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Beverly Garland, Marie Windsor, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1955, title is The Tall Men, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Clark Gable, Jane Russell, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Tarantula, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Leo G. Carroll, John Agar, Mara Corday, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1955, title is Target Zero, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is Richard Conte, Peggie Castle, genre is war. Release year is 1955, title is Tarzan's Hidden Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Schuster, cast is Gordon Scott, Vera Miles, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is Teen-Age Crime Wave, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Sue England, Tommy Cook, genre is crime. Release year is 1955, title is The Tender Trap, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Frank Sinatra, Debbie Reynolds, Celeste Holm, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1955, title is Ten Wanted Men, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Randolph Scott, Jocelyn Brando, Richard Boone, Alfonso Bedoya, Donna Martell, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Texas Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Whelan, cast is Claudette Colbert, Barry Sullivan, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is That's My Mommy, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1955, title is This Island Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Rex Reason, Jeff Morrow, Faith Domergue, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1955, title is Three for the Show, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Betty Grable, Jack Lemmon, Gower Champion, genre is musical. Release year is 1955, title is Three Stripes in the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Murphy, cast is Aldo Ray, Philip Carey, genre is war. Release year is 1955, title is Tight Spot, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Ginger Rogers, Edward G. Robinson, Brian Keith, genre is film noir. Release year is 1955, title is To Catch a Thief, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Cary Grant, Grace Kelly, genre is suspense. Release year is 1955, title is Tom and Chérie, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1955, title is Top Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Sterling Hayden, Karin Booth, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Top of the World, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis R. Foster, cast is Dale Robertson, Evelyn Keyes, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is The Treasure of Pancho Villa, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Rory Calhoun, Shelley Winters, Gilbert Roland, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Trial, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Glenn Ford, Katy Jurado, Arthur Kennedy, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is The Trouble with Harry, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Shirley MacLaine, John Forsythe, Jerry Mathers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is The Twinkle in God's Eye, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Mickey Rooney, Coleen Gray, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Unchained, ethnicity is American, director is Hall Bartlett, cast is Barbara Hale, Elroy Hirsch, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is Untamed, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Tyrone Power, Susan Hayward, genre is adventure. Release year is 1955, title is The Violent Men, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Glenn Ford, Barbara Stanwyck, Edward G. Robinson, Brian Keith, Dianne Foster, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is The Vanishing American, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Audrey Totter, Scott Brady, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Violent Saturday, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Victor Mature, Richard Egan, Lee Marvin, Stephen McNally, Virginia Leith, genre is crime. Release year is 1955, title is The Virgin Queen, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Bette Davis, Richard Todd, Joan Collins, genre is historical. Release year is 1955, title is We're No Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Peter Ustinov, Aldo Ray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is Wiretapper, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Ross, cast is Bill Williams, Douglas Kennedy, genre is western. Release year is 1955, title is Women's Prison, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Ida Lupino, Jan Sterling, Audrey Totter, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1955, title is A Word to the Wives…., ethnicity is American, director is Norman Lloyd, cast is Marsha Hunt, Darren McGavin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1955, title is Yellowneck, ethnicity is American, director is R. John Hugh, cast is Lin McCarthy, genre is drama. Release year is 1955, title is You're Never Too Young, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is 7th Cavalry, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Randolph Scott, Barbara Hale, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Accused of Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is David Brian, Vera Ralston, Sidney Blackmer, Lee Van Cleef, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is Alexander the Great, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is Richard Burton, Claire Bloom, Fredric March, Danielle Darrieux, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Ambassador's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Krasna, cast is Olivia de Havilland, John Forsythe, Adolphe Menjou, Myrna Loy, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Anastasia, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Ingrid Bergman, Yul Brynner, Helen Hayes, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Anything Goes, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Lewis, cast is Bing Crosby, Donald O'Connor, Phil Harris, Mitzi Gaynor, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is Around the World in Eighty Days, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, John Farrow, cast is David Niven, Cantinflas, Shirley MacLaine, Robert Newton, genre is adventure. Release year is 1956, title is At Gunpoint, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Fred MacMurray, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Attack, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Jack Palance, Eddie Albert, Lee Marvin, genre is war. Release year is 1956, title is Autumn Leaves, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Joan Crawford, Cliff Robertson, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Baby Doll, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Carroll Baker, Karl Malden, Eli Wallach, Mildred Dunnock, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Back from Eternity, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Robert Ryan, Anita Ekberg, Rod Steiger, Gene Barry, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Backlash, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Richard Widmark, Donna Reed, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Bad Seed, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Nancy Kelly, Patty McCormack, genre is suspense. Release year is 1956, title is Bandido, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Robert Mitchum, Ursula Thiess, Gilbert Roland, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Barbecue Brawl, ethnicity is American, director is William Hanna, Joseph Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is The Beast of Hollow Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Nassour, Ismael Rodriguez, cast is Guy Madison, Patricia Medina, genre is horror. Release year is 1956, title is Behind the High Wall, ethnicity is American, director is Abner Biberman, cast is Tom Tully, John Gavin, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The Benny Goodman Story, ethnicity is American, director is Valentine Davies, cast is Steve Allen, Donna Reed, genre is biography, musical. Release year is 1956, title is Between Heaven and Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Robert Wagner, Buddy Ebsen, Broderick Crawford, genre is war. Release year is 1956, title is Beyond Mombasa, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Cornel Wilde, Donna Reed, genre is adventure. Release year is 1956, title is Beyond a Reasonable Doubt, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Dana Andrews, Joan Fontaine, Sidney Blackmer, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is Bhowani Junction, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Ava Gardner, Stewart Granger, Bill Travers, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Bigger Than Life, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is James Mason, Barbara Rush, Walter Matthau, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Birds and the Bees, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is George Gobel, Mitzi Gaynor, David Niven, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is The Black Sleep, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Basil Rathbone, Lon Chaney, genre is horror. Release year is 1956, title is The Black Whip, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Hugh Marlowe, Coleen Gray, Adele Mara, Angie Dickinson, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Blackjack Ketchum, Desperado, ethnicity is American, director is Earl Bellamy, cast is Howard Duff, Margaret Field, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Blazing the Overland Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Bennet, cast is Lee Roberts, genre is serial. Release year is 1956, title is Blue Cat Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is The Boss, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is John Payne, William Bishop, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Bottom of the Bottle, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Joseph Cotten, Van Johnson, Ruth Roman, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Brass Legend, ethnicity is American, director is Gerd Oswald, cast is Hugh O'Brian, Nancy Gates, Raymond Burr, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Broken Star, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Howard Duff, Lita Baron, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Broom-Stick Bunny, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is Bundle of Joy, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Eddie Fisher, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is The Burning Hills, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Tab Hunter, Natalie Wood, Skip Homeier, Claude Akins, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Bus Stop, ethnicity is American, director is Joshua Logan, cast is Marilyn Monroe, Don Murray, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Busy Buddies, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is Calling Homicide, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Bill Elliott, Kathleen Case, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is Canyon River, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is George Montgomery, Marcia Henderson, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Carousel, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Shirley Jones, Gordon MacRae, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is The Catered Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Bette Davis, Debbie Reynolds, Ernest Borgnine, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Cha-Cha-Cha Boom!, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Stephen Dunne, Helen Grayco, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is Comanche, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Dana Andrews, Kent Smith, Nestor Paiva, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Come On, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Birdwell, cast is Anne Baxter, Sterling Hayden, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Commotion on the Ocean, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1956, title is The Conqueror, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Powell, cast is John Wayne, Susan Hayward, Pedro Armendáriz, genre is adventure. Release year is 1956, title is The Court Jester, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, Norman Panama, cast is Danny Kaye, Basil Rathbone, Angela Lansbury, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Crashing Las Vegas, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Mary Castle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is The Creature Walks Among Us, ethnicity is American, director is John Sherwood, cast is Jeff Morrow, Rex Reason, Leigh Snowden, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1956, title is Creeps, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1956, title is Crime Against Joe, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Sholem, cast is Julie London, John Bromfield, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1956, title is Crime in the Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is James Whitmore, John Cassavetes, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1956, title is A Cry in the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Natalie Wood, Edmond O'Brien, Raymond Burr, genre is thriller. Release year is 1956, title is Curucu, Beast of the Amazon, ethnicity is American, director is Curt Siodmak, cast is John Bromfield, Beverly Garland, genre is adventure. Release year is 1956, title is A Day of Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is Dale Robertson, Mara Corday, Jock Mahoney, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is D-Day the Sixth of June, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Robert Taylor, Richard Todd, genre is war. Release year is 1956, title is Dance with Me, Henry, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Bud Abbott and Lou Costello, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Daniel Boone, Trail Blazer, ethnicity is American, director is Ismael Rodríguez, cast is Bruce Bennett, Lon Chaney Jr., genre is adventure. Release year is 1956, title is Davy Crockett and the River Pirates, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Foster, cast is Fess Parker, Buddy Ebsen, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Death of a Scoundrel, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Martin, cast is George Sanders, Zsa Zsa Gabor, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Diane, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Lana Turner, Roger Moore, Pedro Armendáriz, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Dig That Uranium, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Leo Gorcey, Huntz Hall, Mary Beth Hughes, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Down Beat Bear, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is Earth vs. the Flying Saucers, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Hugh Marlowe, Joan Taylor, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1956, title is The Eddy Duchin Story, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Tyrone Power, Kim Novak, genre is biography. Release year is 1956, title is Everything but the Truth, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Maureen O'Hara, John Forsythe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is The Fastest Gun Alive, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Rouse, cast is Glenn Ford, Jeanne Crain, Broderick Crawford, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Feedin' the Kiddie, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is Fighting Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Huntz Hall, Stanley Clements, Adele Jergens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Fire Maidens from Outer Space, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Roth, cast is Anthony Dexter, Susan Shaw, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1956, title is The First Texan, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Joel McCrea, Felicia Farr, Jeff Morrow, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The First Traveling Saleslady, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Ginger Rogers, Carol Channing, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Flagpole Jitters, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1956, title is Flame of the Islands, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Yvonne De Carlo, Howard Duff, Zachary Scott, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is Flesh and the Spur, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Marla English, Mike Connors, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Flight to Hong Kong, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Rory Calhoun, Barbara Rush, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Flying Sorceress, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is Forbidden Planet, ethnicity is American, director is Fred M. Wilcox, cast is Leslie Nielsen, Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1956, title is For Crimin' Out Loud, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1956, title is Foreign Intrigue, ethnicity is American, director is Sheldon Reynolds, cast is Robert Mitchum, Geneviève Page, Ingrid Thulin, genre is thriller. Release year is 1956, title is Forever, Darling, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Hall, cast is Lucille Ball, Desi Arnaz, James Mason, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Friendly Persuasion, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Gary Cooper, Dorothy McGuire, Anthony Perkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Full of Life, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Judy Holliday, Richard Conte, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Fury at Gunsight Pass, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is David Brian, Neville Brand, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Gaby, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Leslie Caron, John Kerr, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Giant, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Rock Hudson, Elizabeth Taylor, James Dean, Mercedes McCambridge, Chill Wills, Dennis Hopper, Sal Mineo, genre is warner bros. drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Girl Can't Help It, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Jayne Mansfield, Tom Ewell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is The Girl He Left Behind, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Natalie Wood, Tab Hunter, genre is romance. Release year is 1956, title is Girls in Prison, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Richard Denning, Joan Taylor, Mae Marsh, genre is sexploitation. Release year is 1956, title is Glory, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Margaret O'Brien, Walter Brennan, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is Godzilla, King of the Monsters!, ethnicity is American, director is Ishirō Honda, cast is Raymond Burr, Takashi Shimura, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1956, title is Good-bye, My Lady, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Brandon deWilde, Walter Brennan, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Great Day in the Morning, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Robert Stack, Virginia Mayo, Ruth Roman, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Great Locomotive Chase, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is Fess Parker, Jeffrey Hunter, genre is action. Release year is 1956, title is The Great American Pastime, ethnicity is American, director is Herman Hoffman, cast is Tom Ewell, Ann Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is The Great Man, ethnicity is American, director is José Ferrer, cast is José Ferrer, Julie London, Ed Wynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Gun Brothers, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Buster Crabbe, Ann Robinson, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Gun the Man Down, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is James Arness, Angie Dickinson, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Gunslinger, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is John Ireland, Beverly Garland, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Happy Go Ducky, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is The Harder They Fall, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Humphrey Bogart, Rod Steiger, Jan Sterling, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is He Laughed Last, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Frankie Laine, Anthony Dexter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Helen of Troy, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Rossana Podesta, Jacques Sernas, Cedric Hardwicke, Janette Scott, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Hidden Guns, ethnicity is American, director is Albert C. Gannaway, cast is Bruce Bennett, Richard Arlen, Angie Dickinson, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is High Society, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Grace Kelly, Bing Crosby, Frank Sinatra, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Hilda Crane, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Dunne, cast is Jean Simmons, Guy Madison, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Hold Back the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is John Payne, Mona Freeman, Peter Graves, genre is war drama. Release year is 1956, title is Hollywood or Bust, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Anita Ekberg, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Hot Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Jane Russell, Cornel Wilde, Joseph Calleia, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Hot Cars, ethnicity is American, director is Hot Cars, cast is John Bromfield, Joi Lansing, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is Hot Rod Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Martinson, cast is Lori Nelson, Chuck Connors, genre is action. Release year is 1956, title is Hot Stuff, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1956, title is The Houston Story, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Barbara Hale, Gene Barry, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Huk!, ethnicity is American, director is John Barnwell, cast is George Montgomery, Mona Freeman, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Husbands Beware, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1956, title is Indestructible Man, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Pollexfen, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., Ross Elliott, genre is horror. Release year is 1956, title is The Indian Fighter, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Kirk Douglas, Walter Matthau, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Inside Detroit, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Pat O'Brien, Dennis O'Keefe, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is The Intimate Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Losey, cast is Richard Basehart, Mary Murphy, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Invasion of the Body Snatchers, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Kevin McCarthy, Dana Wynter, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1956, title is Invitation to the Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Kelly, cast is Gene Kelly, Tamara Toumanova, Belita, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is The Iron Petticoat, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Thomas, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Bob Hope, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is It Conquered the World, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Peter Graves, Beverly Garland, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1956, title is Johnny Concho, ethnicity is American, director is Don McGuire, cast is Frank Sinatra, Phyllis Kirk, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Jubal, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Glenn Ford, Ernest Borgnine, Felicia Farr, Rod Steiger, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Julie, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Doris Day, Louis Jourdan, genre is thriller. Release year is 1956, title is The Killer Is Loose, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Joseph Cotten, Rhonda Fleming, Wendell Corey, Alan Hale, Jr., genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The Killing, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is Sterling Hayden, Coleen Gray, Marie Windsor, Vince Edwards, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The King and Four Queens, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Clark Gable, Eleanor Parker, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The King and I, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Yul Brynner, Deborah Kerr, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is A Kiss Before Dying, ethnicity is American, director is Gerd Oswald, cast is Robert Wagner, Joanne Woodward, Virginia Leith, genre is thriller. Release year is 1956, title is The Last Hunt, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Robert Taylor, Stewart Granger, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Last Wagon, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Richard Widmark, Felicia Farr, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Leather Saint, ethnicity is American, director is Alvin Ganzer, cast is Paul Douglas, John Derek, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Lieutenant Wore Skirts, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Tom Ewell, Sheree North, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Lisbon, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Milland, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Yvonne Furneaux, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is The Lone Ranger, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Heisler, cast is Clayton Moore, Jay Silverheels, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Lust for Life, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, George Cukor, cast is Kirk Douglas, Anthony Quinn, genre is biography. Release year is 1956, title is Magnificent Roughnecks, ethnicity is American, director is Sherman A. Rose, cast is Jack Carson, Mickey Rooney, Nancy Gates, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit, ethnicity is American, director is Nunnally Johnson, cast is Gregory Peck, Jennifer Jones, Keenan Wynn, Lee J. Cobb, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Man in the Vault, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Anita Ekberg, Karen Sharpe, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is The Man Is Armed, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Dane Clark, William Talman, May Wynn, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is The Man Who Knew Too Much, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Doris Day, James Stewart, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The Man Who Never Was, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is Clifton Webb, Gloria Grahame, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Manfish, ethnicity is American, director is W. Lee Wilder, cast is John Bromfield, Lon Chaney Jr., genre is adventure. Release year is 1956, title is The Maverick Queen, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Miami Expose, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Lee J. Cobb, Patricia Medina, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1956, title is Miracle in the Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Jane Wyman, Van Johnson, genre is romance. Release year is 1956, title is Moby Dick, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Gregory Peck, Richard Basehart, James Robertson Justice, genre is adventure. Release year is 1956, title is Mohawk, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Scott Brady, Allison Hayes, Lori Nelson, Rita Gam, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Mole People, ethnicity is American, director is Virgil W. Vogel, cast is John Agar, Hugh Beaumont, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1956, title is The Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Spencer Tracy, Robert Wagner, Claire Trevor, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Mucho Mouse, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is Muscle Beach Tom, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is Never Say Goodbye, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Rock Hudson, Cornell Borchers, genre is romance. Release year is 1956, title is Nightmare, ethnicity is American, director is Maxwell Shane, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Kevin McCarthy, Connie Russell, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The Oklahoma Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Peggie Castle, Richard Denning, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is On the Threshold of Space, ethnicity is American, director is Robert D. Webb, cast is Guy Madison, Virginia Leith, John Hodiak, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1956, title is The Opposite Sex, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is June Allyson, Joan Collins, Ann Sheridan, Ann Miller, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is Our Miss Brooks, ethnicity is American, director is Al Lewis, cast is Eve Arden, Gale Gordon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Outside the Law, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Ray Danton, Leigh Snowden, Grant Williams, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is Over-Exposed, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Cleo Moore, Richard Crenna, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is Pardners, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, Agnes Moorehead, Lori Nelson, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Patterns, ethnicity is American, director is Fielder Cook, cast is Van Heflin, Everett Sloane, Ed Begley, Beatrice Straight, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Perils of the Wilderness, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Bennet, cast is Evelyn Anderson, Dennis Moore, genre is serial. Release year is 1956, title is Pillars of the Sky, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Jeff Chandler, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Please Murder Me, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Godfrey, cast is Raymond Burr, Angela Lansbury, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The Power and the Prize, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Robert Taylor, Burl Ives, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Price of Fear, ethnicity is American, director is Abner Biberman, cast is Merle Oberon, Lex Barker, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The Proud and Profane, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is William Holden, Deborah Kerr, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Proud Ones, ethnicity is American, director is Robert D. Webb, cast is Robert Ryan, Virginia Mayo, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Rabbitson Crusoe, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is The Rack, ethnicity is American, director is Arnold Laven, cast is Paul Newman, Wendell Corey, Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis, genre is war drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Rainmaker, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Anthony, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Burt Lancaster, Wendell Corey, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Ransom!, ethnicity is American, director is Alex Segal, cast is Glenn Ford, Donna Reed, Leslie Nielsen, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1956, title is Raw Edge, ethnicity is American, director is John Sherwood, cast is Rory Calhoun, Yvonne De Carlo, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Rawhide Years, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Tony Curtis, Colleen Miller, Arthur Kennedy, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Rebel in Town, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Ruth Roman, John Payne, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Red Sundown, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Rory Calhoun, Martha Hyer, Dean Jagger, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Revolt of Mamie Stover, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Jane Russell, Richard Egan, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Rock Around the Clock, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Bill Haley & His Comets, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is Rock, Pretty Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Bartlett, cast is Sal Mineo, John Saxon, Luana Patten, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Rumble on the Docks, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is James Darren, Michael Granger, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is Rumpus in the Harem, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1956, title is Runaway Daughters, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Cahn, cast is Marla English, Mary Ellen Kay, Anna Sten, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Running Target, ethnicity is American, director is Marvin Weinstein, cast is Doris Dowling, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Run for the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Boulting, cast is Richard Widmark, Trevor Howard, Jane Greer, genre is adventure, thriller. Release year is 1956, title is The Scarlet Hour, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Carol Ohmart, Tom Tryon, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is Scheming Schemers, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short. Release year is 1956, title is Screaming Eagles, ethnicity is American, director is Charles F. Haas, cast is Tom Tryon, Martin Milner, genre is war. Release year is 1956, title is The Searchers, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Jeffrey Hunter, Vera Miles, Ward Bond, Ken Curtis, Natalie Wood, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Serenade, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Mario Lanza, Joan Fontaine, Sara Montiel, genre is musical. Release year is 1956, title is Seven Men from Now, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Randolph Scott, Lee Marvin, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Sharkfighters, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Victor Mature, Karen Steele, genre is adventure. Release year is 1956, title is The She-Creature, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Marla English, Chester Morris, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1956, title is Slander, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Van Johnson, Ann Blyth, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Slightly Scarlet, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is John Payne, Rhonda Fleming, Arlene Dahl, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The Solid Gold Cadillac, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Judy Holliday, Paul Douglas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Somebody Up There Likes Me, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Paul Newman, Pier Angeli, Sal Mineo, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1956, title is Stagecoach to Fury, ethnicity is American, director is William Claxton, cast is Forrest Tucker, Mari Blanchard, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Star in the Dust, ethnicity is American, director is Charles F. Haas, cast is John Agar, Mamie Van Doren, Richard Boone, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Steel Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Doniger, cast is Perry Lopez, Beverly Garland, Walter Abel, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is Strange Intruder, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Ida Lupino, Edmund Purdom, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Stranger at My Door, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Macdonald Carey, Patricia Medina, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Swan, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Grace Kelly, Louis Jourdan, Alec Guinness, genre is romance. Release year is 1956, title is Tea and Sympathy, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Deborah Kerr, John Kerr, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Teahouse of the August Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Marlon Brando, Glenn Ford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Teenage Rebel, ethnicity is American, director is Edmund Goulding, cast is Ginger Rogers, Michael Rennie, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Ten Commandments, ethnicity is American, director is Cecil B. DeMille, cast is Charlton Heston, Yul Brynner, Edward G. Robinson, Anne Baxter, Yvonne De Carlo, Debra Paget, John Derek, Vincent Price, Martha Scott, Judith Anderson, Nina Foch, genre is paramount. biblical epic. Release year is 1956, title is Tension at Table Rock, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Dorothy Malone, Richard Egan, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is Terror at Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Scott Brady, Joan Vohs, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is That Certain Feeling, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, cast is Bob Hope, Eva Marie Saint, Pearl Bailey, George Sanders, Jerry Mathers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is There's Always Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Fred MacMurray, Joan Bennett, Patricia Crowley, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1956, title is These Wilder Years, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is James Cagney, Barbara Stanwyck, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Three Bad Sisters, ethnicity is American, director is Gilbert Kay, cast is Marla English, John Bromfield, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Three Brave Men, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Dunne, cast is Ray Milland, Ernest Borgnine, Nina Foch, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Time Table, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Stevens, cast is Mark Stevens, Felicia Farr, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is Timid Tabby, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is Tom's Photo Finish, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animation. Release year is 1956, title is Toward the Unknown, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is William Holden, Virginia Leith, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Toy Tiger, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Laraine Day, Jeff Chandler, genre is comedy. Release year is 1956, title is Trapeze, ethnicity is American, director is Carol Reed, cast is Burt Lancaster, Tony Curtis, Gina Lollobrigida, Katy Jurado, Thomas Gomez, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is Tribute to a Bad Man, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is James Cagney, Stephen McNally, Don Dubbins, Irene Papas, Vic Morrow, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Unguarded Moment, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Esther Williams, George Nader, John Saxon, Edward Andrews, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is Uranium Boom, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Dennis Morgan, William Talman, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Vagabond King, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Kathryn Grayson, Rita Moreno, genre is adventure. Release year is 1956, title is The Violent Years, ethnicity is American, director is William Morgan, cast is Jean Moorhead, genre is crime. Release year is 1956, title is Walk the Proud Land, ethnicity is American, director is Jesse Hibbs, cast is Audie Murphy, Anne Bancroft, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is The Werewolf, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Joyce Holden, Steven Ritch, genre is horror. Release year is 1956, title is Westward Ho the Wagons!, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Fess Parker, Kathleen Crowley, genre is western. Release year is 1956, title is While the City Sleeps, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Lang, cast is Dana Andrews, Vincent Price, Ida Lupino, Howard Duff, Rhonda Fleming, George Sanders, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The Wild Party, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Horner, cast is Anthony Quinn, Carol Ohmart, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is A Woman's Devotion, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Henreid, cast is Janice Rule, Ralph Meeker, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is The Women of Pitcairn Island, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Lynn Bari, Sue England, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is World in My Corner, ethnicity is American, director is Jesse Hibbs, cast is Audie Murphy, Barbara Rush, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is World Without End, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Hugh Marlowe, Nancy Gates, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1956, title is Written on the Wind, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Rock Hudson, Lauren Bacall, Robert Stack, Dorothy Malone, genre is drama. Release year is 1956, title is The Wrong Man, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Henry Fonda, Vera Miles, genre is film noir. Release year is 1956, title is X the Unknown, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Norman, cast is Dean Jagger, Edward Chapman, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1956, title is You Can't Run Away from It, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Powell, cast is June Allyson, Jack Lemmon, Charles Bickford, genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is 3:10 to Yuma, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Glenn Ford, Van Heflin, Felicia Farr, Richard Jaeckel, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is 5 Steps to Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Henry S. Kesler, cast is Ruth Roman, Sterling Hayden, genre is spy film. Release year is 1957, title is 12 Angry Men, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Lee J. Cobb, Henry Fonda,, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is 20 Million Miles to Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan H. Juran, cast is William Hopper, Joan Taylor, Frank Puglia, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The 27th Day, ethnicity is American, director is William Asher, cast is Gene Barry, Valerie French, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1957, title is The Abductors, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Victor McLaglen, George Macready, Fay Spain, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1957, title is Across the Bridge, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Annakin, cast is Rod Steiger, Bernard Lee, Marla Landi, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Affair in Havana, ethnicity is American, director is László Benedek, cast is John Cassavetes, Sara Shane, Raymond Burr, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is An Affair to Remember, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Cary Grant, Deborah Kerr, Cathleen Nesbitt, Richard Denning, genre is romance. Release year is 1957, title is All Mine to Give, ethnicity is American, director is Allen Reisner, cast is Glynis Johns, Cameron Mitchell, Patty McCormack, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1957, title is The Amazing Colossal Man, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Glenn Langan, Cathy Downs, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1957, title is Appointment with a Shadow, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Carlson, cast is George Nader, Joanna Moore, Brian Keith, Virginia Field, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is April Love, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Pat Boone, Shirley Jones, Arthur O'Connell, genre is romance. Release year is 1957, title is The Astounding She-Monster, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Ashcroft, cast is Robert Clarke, Kenne Duncan, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1957, title is Attack of the Crab Monsters, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Richard Garland, Pamela Duncan, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Baby Face Nelson, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Mickey Rooney, Carolyn Jones, Cedric Hardwicke, genre is biography, crime. Release year is 1957, title is The Bachelor Party, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Don Murray, Eddie Albert, Carolyn Jones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Back from the Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Warren, cast is Peggie Castle, Marsha Hunt, genre is horror. Release year is 1957, title is Bailout at 43,000, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is John Payne, Karen Steele, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is Band of Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Clark Gable, Sidney Poitier, Yvonne DeCarlo, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Battle Hymn, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Rock Hudson, Anna Kashfi, Dan Duryea, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is Bayou, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Daniels, cast is Peter Graves, Lita Milan, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Beau James, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Bob Hope, Vera Miles, Alexis Smith, genre is biography, drama. Release year is 1957, title is Beginning of the End, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Peter Graves, Peggie Castle, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1957, title is Bernardine, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Pat Boone, Terry Moore, Dean Jagger, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1957, title is The Big Boodle, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wilson, cast is Errol Flynn, Pedro Armendáriz, Rossana Rory, Gia Scala, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is The Big Caper, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevens, cast is Rory Calhoun, Mary Costa, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is The Big Land, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Alan Ladd, Virginia Mayo, Edmond O'Brien, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Bitter Victory, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Richard Burton, Curd Jürgens, Ruth Roman, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is The Black Scorpion, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Ludwig, cast is Richard Denning, Mara Corday, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Bombers B-52, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Natalie Wood, Karl Malden, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Bop Girl Goes Calypso, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Judy Tyler, Bobby Troup, genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is Boy on a Dolphin, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Alan Ladd, Sophia Loren, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Brain from Planet Arous, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan H. Juran, cast is John Agar, Joyce Meadows, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1957, title is The Brothers Rico, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Richard Conte, Dianne Foster, James Darren, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is The Buckskin Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Hittleman, cast is Patricia Medina, Richard Denning, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The Burglar, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Dan Duryea, Jayne Mansfield, Martha Vickers, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is Calypso Heat Wave, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Johnny Desmond, Merry Anders, genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is The Careless Years, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Dean Stockwell, Natalie Trundy, John Larch, genre is romance. Release year is 1957, title is China Gate, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Gene Barry, Angie Dickinson, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Count Five and Die, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Vicas, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, Nigel Patrick, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is Crime of Passion, ethnicity is American, director is Gerd Oswald, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Sterling Hayden, Raymond Burr, Fay Wray, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is The Crooked Circle, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Fay Spain, Steve Brodie, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Cyclops, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is James Craig, Gloria Talbott, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1957, title is The D.I., ethnicity is American, director is Jack Webb, cast is Jack Webb, Jackie Loughery, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is The Daughter of Dr. Jekyll, ethnicity is American, director is Edgar G. Ulmer, cast is John Agar, Gloria Talbott, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1957, title is The Deadly Mantis, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Craig Stevens, William Hopper, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Death in Small Doses, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Peter Graves, Mala Powers, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Delicate Delinquent, ethnicity is American, director is Don McGuire, cast is Jerry Lewis, Darren McGavin, Martha Hyer, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Delinquents, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Tom Laughlin, Richard Bakalyan, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Designing Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Lauren Bacall, Gregory Peck, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Desk Set, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Spencer Tracy, Joan Blondell, Gig Young, Dina Merrill, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1957, title is The Devil's Hairpin, ethnicity is American, director is Cornel Wilde, cast is Cornel Wilde, Jean Wallace, Arthur Franz, genre is sports drama. Release year is 1957, title is Don't Go Near the Water, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Glenn Ford, Gia Scala, Earl Holliman, Anne Francis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Dragoon Wells Massacre, ethnicity is American, director is Harold D. Schuster, cast is Mona Freeman, Barry Sullivan, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Drango, ethnicity is American, director is Hall Bartlett, cast is Jeff Chandler, Joanne Dru, Julie London, Donald Crisp, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Duel at Apache Wells, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Anna Maria Alberghetti, Ben Cooper, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Edge of the City, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is John Cassavetes, Sidney Poitier, Jack Warden, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Eighteen and Anxious, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Parker, cast is Martha Scott, Jackie Loughery, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Enemy Below, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Powell, cast is Robert Mitchum, Curt Jürgens, Theodore Bikel, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is Escape from San Quentin, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Merry Anders, Johnny Desmond, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is A Face in the Crowd, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Andy Griffith, Patricia Neal, Walter Matthau, Lee Remick, Tony Franciosa, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is A Farewell to Arms, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Rock Hudson, Jennifer Jones, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is Fear Strikes Out, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Anthony Perkins, Karl Malden, genre is biography. Release year is 1957, title is Fire Down Below, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Parrish, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jack Lemmon, Rita Hayworth, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Flesh and the Spur, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is John Agar, Marla English, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Forty Guns, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan, Gene Barry, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Four Girls in Town, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Sher, cast is Julie Adams, Marianne Koch, Elsa Martinelli, Gia Scala, George Nader, John Gavin, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1957, title is From Hell It Came, ethnicity is American, director is Dan Milner, cast is Tod Andrews, Linda Watkins, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Funny Face, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Fred Astaire, Kay Thompson, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1957, title is The Fuzzy Pink Nightgown, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Jane Russell, Keenan Wynn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is The Garment Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Lee J. Cobb, Kerwin Mathews, Gia Scala, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is The Giant Claw, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Jeff Morrow, Mara Corday, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The Girl in Black Stockings, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Lex Barker, Anne Bancroft, Mamie Van Doren, genre is mystery. Release year is 1957, title is The Girl in the Kremlin, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Birdwell, cast is Zsa Zsa Gabor, Lex Barker, genre is thriller. Release year is 1957, title is The Girl Most Likely, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Jane Powell, Cliff Robertson, genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is Love Slaves of the Amazons, ethnicity is American, director is Curt Siodmak, cast is Don Taylor, Eduardo Ciannelli, genre is adventure. Release year is 1957, title is The Green-Eyed Blonde, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Girard, cast is Susan Oliver, Beverly Long, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Gun Battle at Monterey, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Franklin & Carl K. Hittleman, cast is Sterling Hayden, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Gun Duel in Durango, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is George Montgomery, Ann Robinson, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Gun for a Coward, ethnicity is American, director is Abner Biberman, cast is Fred MacMurray, Jeffrey Hunter, Janice Rule, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Kirk Douglas, Burt Lancaster, DeForest Kelley, Rhonda Fleming, Jo Van Fleet, Dennis Hopper, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Gun Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Stewart Granger, Rhonda Fleming, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Guns a Poppin, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1957, title is Gunsight Ridge, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Ryan, cast is Joel McCrea, Joan Weldon, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The Guns of Fort Petticoat, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Audie Murphy, Kathryn Grant, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The Halliday Brand, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Joseph Cotten, Viveca Lindfors, Betsy Blair, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is A Hatful of Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Eva Marie Saint, Don Murray, Tony Franciosa, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Deborah Kerr, Robert Mitchum, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Helen Morgan Story, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Ann Blyth, Paul Newman, Richard Carlson, genre is biography. Release year is 1957, title is Hell Bound, ethnicity is American, director is William Hole, cast is John Russell, June Blair, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is Hellcats of the Navy, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Ronald Reagan, Nancy Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Hell Drivers, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Endfield, cast is Stanley Baker, Patrick McGoohan, genre is adventure. Release year is 1957, title is Hell on Devil's Island, ethnicity is American, director is Christian Nyby, cast is William Talman, Helmut Dantine, Donna Martell, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Hell's Crossroads, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Peggie Castle, Robert Vaughn, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Hell Ship Mutiny, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Sholem, cast is Jon Hall, Roberta Haynes, genre is adventure. Release year is 1957, title is The Hired Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Rory Calhoun, Anne Francis, Chuck Connors, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Hit and Run, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Haas, cast is Cleo Moore, Vince Edwards, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is Hold That Hypnotist, ethnicity is American, director is Austin Jewell, cast is Huntz Hall, Stanley Clements, Jane Nigh, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Hoofs and Goofs, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1957, title is Horsing Around, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1957, title is Hot Summer Night, ethnicity is American, director is David Friedkin, cast is Leslie Nielsen, Colleen Miller, Jay C. Flippen, genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is House of Numbers, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Rouse, cast is Jack Palance, Barbara Lang, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is I Was a Teenage Frankenstein, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert L. Strock, cast is Whit Bissell, Phyllis Coates, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is I Was a Teenage Werewolf, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Fowler, Jr., cast is Michael Landon, Whit Bissell, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The Incredible Petrified World, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Warren, cast is John Considine, Phyllis Coates, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The Incredible Shrinking Man, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Grant Williams, Randy Stuart, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Interlude, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is June Allyson, Rossano Brazzi, Marianne Koch, Françoise Rosay, Keith Andes, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1957, title is Invasion of the Saucer Men, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Cahn, cast is Gloria Castillo, Frank Gorshin, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The Invisible Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Herman Hoffman, cast is Richard Eyer, Diane Brewster, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The Iron Sheriff, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Sterling Hayden, Constance Ford, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Island in the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is James Mason, Joan Fontaine, Harry Belafonte, Dorothy Dandridge, Stephen Boyd, Joan Collins, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Istanbul, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Errol Flynn, Cornell Borchers, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is Jailhouse Rock, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Elvis Presley, Judy Tyler, Mickey Shaughnessy, genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is Jeanne Eagels, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Kim Novak, Jeff Chandler, Charles Drake, Virginia Grey, Agnes Moorehead, genre is biography. Release year is 1957, title is Jet Pilot, ethnicity is American, director is Josef von Sternberg, cast is John Wayne, Janet Leigh, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is Joe Butterfly, ethnicity is American, director is Jesse Hibbs, cast is Audie Murphy, Keenan Wynn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Johnny Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is John H. Auer, cast is Ethel Barrymore, Stuart Whitman, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Johnny Tremain, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Hal Stalmaster, Luana Patten, genre is family. Release year is 1957, title is The Joker Is Wild, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Vidor, cast is Frank Sinatra, Mitzi Gaynor, Jeanne Crain, genre is biography. Release year is 1957, title is Jungle Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Lex Barker, Mari Blanchard, genre is adventure. Release year is 1957, title is Kiss Them for Me, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Cary Grant, Suzy Parker, Jayne Mansfield, Ray Walston, Larry Blyden, Werner Klemperer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Kronos, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Jeff Morrow, Barbara Lawrence, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The Land Unknown, ethnicity is American, director is Virgil W. Vogel, cast is Jock Mahoney, Shirley Patterson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Legend of the Lost, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is John Wayne, Sophia Loren, Rossano Brazzi, genre is adventure. Release year is 1957, title is The Little Hut, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Ava Gardner, Stewart Granger, David Niven, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Lizzie, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Haas, cast is Eleanor Parker, Richard Boone, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Lonely Man, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Jack Palance, Anthony Perkins, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Love in the Afternoon, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Gary Cooper, Audrey Hepburn, genre is romance. Release year is 1957, title is Loving You, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Kanter, cast is Elvis Presley, Lizabeth Scott, Wendell Corey, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Man Afraid, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is George Nader, Phyllis Thaxter, Tim Hovey, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is Man of a Thousand Faces, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is James Cagney, Dorothy Malone, Jane Greer, genre is biography. Release year is 1957, title is Man on Fire, ethnicity is American, director is Ranald MacDougall, cast is Bing Crosby, Inger Stevens, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Man on the Prowl, ethnicity is American, director is Art Napoleon, cast is Mala Powers, James Best, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is The Man Who Turned to Stone, ethnicity is American, director is László Kardos, cast is Victor Jory, Paul Cavanagh, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Men in War, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Robert Ryan, Aldo Ray, Vic Morrow, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is A Merry Mix Up, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1957, title is The Midnight Story, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Tony Curtis, Marisa Pavan, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is Mister Cory, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Tony Curtis, Martha Hyer, Charles Bickford, Kathryn Grant, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is Monkey on My Back, ethnicity is American, director is Andre de Toth, cast is Cameron Mitchell, Dianne Foster, genre is biography. Release year is 1957, title is The Monolith Monsters, ethnicity is American, director is John Sherwood, cast is Grant Williams, Lola Albright, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Monster from Green Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Kenneth G. Crane, cast is Jim Davis, Barbara Turner, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The Monster That Challenged the World, ethnicity is American, director is Arnold Laven, cast is Tim Holt, Audrey Dalton, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Muscle Up a Little Closer, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1957, title is My Gun Is Quick, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Victor, George White, cast is Robert Bray, Whitney Blake, genre is action. Release year is 1957, title is My Man Godfrey, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is June Allyson, David Niven, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Naked Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Beverly Garland, Richard Denning, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Night Passage, ethnicity is American, director is James Neilson, cast is James Stewart, Audie Murphy, Dan Duryea, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Nightfall, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Aldo Ray, Brian Keith, Anne Bancroft, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is The Night Runner, ethnicity is American, director is Abner Biberman, cast is Colleen Miller, Ray Danton, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is The Night the World Exploded, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Kathryn Grant, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1957, title is No Time to Be Young, ethnicity is American, director is David Lowell Rich, cast is Robert Vaughn, Roger Smith, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Not of This Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Paul Birch, Beverly Garland, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1957, title is Oh, Men! Oh, Women!, ethnicity is American, director is Nunnally Johnson, cast is Ginger Rogers, Dan Dailey, David Niven, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is The Oklahoman, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is Joel McCrea, Barbara Hale, Brad Dexter, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Old Yeller, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Dorothy McGuire, Fess Parker, Tommy Kirk, genre is family. Release year is 1957, title is Operation Mad Ball, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Jack Lemmon, Kathryn Grant, Mickey Rooney, Ernie Kovacs, Dick York, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Outer Space Jitters, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Outlaw's Son, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Dane Clark, Lori Nelson, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The Pajama Game, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Doris Day, John Raitt, Eddie Foy, Jr., genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is Pal Joey, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Frank Sinatra, Rita Hayworth, Kim Novak, genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is Panama Sal, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Elena Verdugo, Carlos Rivas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Paths of Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is Kirk Douglas, Ralph Meeker, Adolphe Menjou, George Macready, Timothy Carey, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is Peyton Place, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Lana Turner, Sandra Dee, Diane Varsi, Hope Lange, Terry Moore, Lee Philips, Betty Field, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Pied Piper of Hamelin, ethnicity is American, director is Bretaigne Windust, cast is Van Johnson, Claude Rains, Lori Nelson, genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is Plunder Road, ethnicity is American, director is Hubert Cornfield, cast is Gene Raymond, Jeanne Cooper, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is Portland Exposé, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Schuster, cast is Carolyn Craig, Edward Binns, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Pride and the Passion, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Cary Grant, Frank Sinatra, Sophia Loren, genre is adventure. Release year is 1957, title is The Prince and the Showgirl, ethnicity is American, director is Laurence Olivier, cast is Marilyn Monroe, Laurence Olivier, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Public Pigeon No. 1, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Red Skelton, Janet Blair, Vivian Blaine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Quantez, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Fred MacMurray, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The Quiet Gun, ethnicity is American, director is William Claxton, cast is Forrest Tucker, Mara Corday, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Raiders of Old California, ethnicity is American, director is Albert C. Gannaway, cast is Jim Davis, Arleen Whelan, Faron Young, Marty Robbins, Lee Van Cleef, Louis Jean Heydt, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Raintree County, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Montgomery Clift, Eva Marie Saint, Elizabeth Taylor, Rod Taylor, Agnes Moorehead, Lee Marvin, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Reform School Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Gloria Castillo, Edd Byrnes, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Restless Breed, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Scott Brady, Anne Bancroft, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Revolt at Fort Laramie, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is John Dehner, Gregg Palmer, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Ride Out for Revenge, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Girard, cast is Rory Calhoun, Lloyd Bridges, Gloria Grahame, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Ride a Violent Mile, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Warren, cast is John Agar, Penny Edwards, Bing Russell, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The River's Edge, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Anthony Quinn, Ray Milland, Debra Paget, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Rock All Night, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Abby Dalton, Russell Johnson, genre is suspense. Release year is 1957, title is Run of the Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Rod Steiger, Brian Keith, Ralph Meeker, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Rusty Romeos, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is The Sad Sack, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Jerry Lewis, David Wayne, Peter Lorre, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Saint Joan, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Jean Seberg, Richard Widmark, genre is united artists. biography. Release year is 1957, title is Sayonara, ethnicity is American, director is Joshua Logan, cast is Marlon Brando, Red Buttons, Miyoshi Umeki, Miiko Taka, Martha Scott, James Garner, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Seven Waves Away, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Sale, cast is Tyrone Power, Mai Zetterling, genre is war. Release year is 1957, title is The Seventh Sin, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is Eleanor Parker, Bill Travers, George Sanders, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Shadow on the Window, ethnicity is American, director is William Asher, cast is Philip Carey, Betty Garrett, genre is crime. Release year is 1957, title is She Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Mari Blanchard, Albert Dekker, genre is horror. Release year is 1957, title is Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend, ethnicity is American, director is Richard L. Bare, cast is Randolph Scott, Angie Dickinson, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Short Cut to Hell, ethnicity is American, director is James Cagney, cast is Robert Ivers, Georgann Johnson, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1957, title is Silk Stockings, ethnicity is American, director is Rouben Mamoulian, cast is Fred Astaire, Cyd Charisse, genre is musical. Release year is 1957, title is Slaughter on Tenth Avenue, ethnicity is American, director is Arnold Laven, cast is Richard Egan, Jan Sterling, Dan Duryea, Julie Adams, Walter Matthau, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is Something of Value, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Rock Hudson, Sidney Poitier, Dana Wynter, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Space Ship Sappy, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is The Spirit of St. Louis, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is James Stewart, genre is warner bros. biography. Release year is 1957, title is Spook Chasers, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Huntz Hall, Stanley Clements, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Spring Reunion, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Pirosh, cast is Betty Hutton, Dana Andrews, Jean Hagen, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Stopover Tokyo, ethnicity is American, director is Richard L. Breen, cast is Robert Wagner, Joan Collins, Edmond O'Brien, genre is spy drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Story of Esther Costello, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Joan Crawford, Rossano Brazzi, Heather Sears, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Story of Mankind, ethnicity is American, director is Irwin Allen, cast is Ronald Colman, Vincent Price, Hedy Lamarr, Groucho Marx, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1957, title is The Strange One, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Garfein, cast is Ben Gazzara, George Peppard, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Strange World of Planet X, ethnicity is American, director is Gilbert Dunn, cast is Forrest Tucker, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is Sweet Smell of Success, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander MacKendrick, cast is Burt Lancaster, Tony Curtis, Martin Milner, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Tall T, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Randolph Scott, Richard Boone, Henry Silva, Skip Homeier, Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Taming Sutton's Gal, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is John Lupton, Gloria Talbott, May Wynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Tammy and the Bachelor, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Walter Brennan, Leslie Nielsen, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Tarzan and the Lost Safari, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Gordon Scott, Betta St. John, genre is adventure. Release year is 1957, title is The Tattered Dress, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Jeff Chandler, Jeanne Crain, Elaine Stewart, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is Teenage Doll, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is June Kenney, Fay Spain, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Ten Thousand Bedrooms, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Dean Martin, Anna Maria Alberghetti, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1957, title is That Night!, ethnicity is American, director is John Newland, cast is John Beal, Augusta Dabney, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is This Angry Age, ethnicity is American, director is Rene Clement, cast is Silvana Mangano, Anthony Perkins, Richard Conte, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is This Could Be the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Jean Simmons, Tony Franciosa, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1957, title is The Three Faces of Eve, ethnicity is American, director is Nunnally Johnson, cast is Joanne Woodward, Lee J. Cobb, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Three Violent People, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Mate, cast is Charlton Heston, Anne Baxter, Gilbert Roland, Tom Tryon, Elaine Stritch, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The Tijuana Story, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Kardos, cast is James Darren, Rodolfo Acosta, Jean Willes, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Time Limit, ethnicity is American, director is Karl Malden, cast is Richard Widmark, Richard Basehart, Rip Torn, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Tin Star, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Henry Fonda, Anthony Perkins, Betsy Palmer, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Tip on a Dead Jockey, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Robert Taylor, Dorothy Malone, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Tomahawk Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is Chuck Connors, Susan Cummings, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Top Secret Affair, ethnicity is American, director is H. C. Potter, cast is Kirk Douglas, Susan Hayward, Jim Backus, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Tops with Pops, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1957, title is Trooper Hook, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Joel McCrea, Barbara Stanwyck, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The True Story of Jesse James, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Robert Wagner, Hope Lange, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The Undead, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Pamela Duncan, Allison Hayes, genre is horror. Release year is 1957, title is The Unearthly, ethnicity is American, director is Boris Petroff, cast is John Carradine, Allison Hayes, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The Unholy Wife, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Diana Dors, Rod Steiger, Tom Tryon, genre is film noir. Release year is 1957, title is The Unknown Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Warren, cast is Mala Powers, Paul Richards, genre is horror. Release year is 1957, title is Untamed Youth, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Mamie Van Doren, Lori Nelson, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Until They Sail, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Jean Simmons, Joan Fontaine, Paul Newman, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Up in Smoke, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Huntz Hall, Stanley Clements, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is Utah Blaine, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Rory Calhoun, Susan Cummings, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is Valerie, ethnicity is American, director is Gerd Oswald, cast is Sterling Hayden, Anita Ekberg, genre is western. Release year is 1957, title is The Vampire, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Landres, cast is John Beal, Coleen Gray, genre is horror. Release year is 1957, title is The Vanishing Duck, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1957, title is The Vintage, ethnicity is American, director is Jeffrey Hayden, cast is Pier Angeli, Mel Ferrer, John Kerr, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Voodoo Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Tom Conway, Marla English, Mike Connors, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1957, title is The Way to the Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Robert D. Webb, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, Sheree North, Barry Sullivan, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Wayward Bus, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Vicas, cast is Jayne Mansfield, Joan Collins, Dan Dailey, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Tony Randall, Jayne Mansfield, genre is comedy. Release year is 1957, title is The Wings of Eagles, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Maureen O'Hara, Dan Dailey, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Witness for the Prosecution, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Charles Laughton, Tyrone Power, Marlene Dietrich, genre is mystery. Release year is 1957, title is Young and Dangerous, ethnicity is American, director is William F. Claxton, cast is Lili Gentle, Mark Damon, Edward Binns, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is The Young Don't Cry, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred L. Werker, cast is Sal Mineo, James Whitmore, genre is drama. Release year is 1957, title is Zero Hour!, ethnicity is American, director is Hall Bartlett, cast is Dana Andrews, Sterling Hayden, Linda Darnell, genre is disaster film. Release year is 1957, title is Zombies of Mora Tau, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Allison Hayes, Gregg Palmer, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is Ambush at Cimarron Pass, ethnicity is American, director is Jodie Copelan, cast is Scott Brady, Margia Dean, Clint Eastwood, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Andy Hardy Comes Home, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Mickey Rooney, Patricia Breslin, Fay Holden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Another Time, Another Place, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Allen, cast is Lana Turner, Barry Sullivan, Sean Connery, Glynis Johns, genre is melodrama. Release year is 1958, title is Apache Territory, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Rory Calhoun, Barbara Bates, John Dehner, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Arrivederci Roma, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Mario Lanza, Marisa Allasio, genre is musical. Release year is 1958, title is Attack of the 50 Foot Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan H. Juran, cast is Allison Hayes, Yvette Vickers, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is Attack of the Puppet People, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is John Agar, June Kenney, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is Auntie Mame, ethnicity is American, director is Morton DaCosta, cast is Rosalind Russell, Coral Browne, Forrest Tucker, Peggy Cass, Roger Smith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is The Badlanders, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Alan Ladd, Ernest Borgnine, Katy Jurado, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Barbarian and the Geisha, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is John Wayne, Eiko Ando, Sam Jaffe, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is Bell, Book and Candle, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is James Stewart, Kim Novak, Jack Lemmon, Ernie Kovacs, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is The Big Country, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Gregory Peck, Charlton Heston, Jean Simmons, Carroll Baker, Burl Ives, Charles Bickford, Chuck Connors, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Black Orchid, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Sophia Loren, Anthony Quinn, genre is romance. Release year is 1958, title is The Blob, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Yeaworth, cast is Steve McQueen, Aneta Corsaut, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is Blood Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Phyllis Coates, Scott Brady, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Bonjour Tristesse, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Deborah Kerr, David Niven, Jean Seberg, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Born Reckless, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Mamie van Doren, Carol Ohmart, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Brain Eaters, ethnicity is American, director is Bruno VeSota, cast is Ed Nelson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is The Bravados, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Gregory Peck, Stephen Boyd, Albert Salmi, Joan Collins, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Brothers Karamazov, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Yul Brynner, Maria Schell, Claire Bloom, Lee J. Cobb, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Buchanan Rides Alone, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Randolph Scott, Craig Stevens, Jennifer Holden, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Bullwhip, ethnicity is American, director is Harmon Jones, cast is Guy Madison, Rhonda Fleming, James Griffith, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Case Against Brooklyn, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Darren McGavin, Margaret Hayes, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Paul Newman, Burl Ives, Judith Anderson, Madeleine Sherwood, Jack Carson, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Cattle Empire, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Joel McCrea, Phyllis Coates, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is A Certain Smile, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Rossano Brazzi, Joan Fontaine, Bradford Dillman, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is China Doll, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Victor Mature, Li Hua Li, Ward Bond, genre is war romance. Release year is 1958, title is The Colossus of New York, ethnicity is American, director is Eugène Lourié, cast is Ross Martin, Hardy Krüger, Mala Powers, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is The Cool and the Crazy, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Scott Marlowe, Gigi Perreau, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Corridors of Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Day, cast is Boris Karloff, Betta St. John, genre is horror. Release year is 1958, title is Cowboy, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Glenn Ford, Jack Lemmon, Anna Kashfi, Brian Donlevy, Richard Jaeckel, Dick York, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Crash Landing, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Gary Merrill, Nancy Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Cry Baby Killer, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Addis, cast is Harry Lauter, Jack Nicholson, Carolyn Mitchell, genre is crime. Release year is 1958, title is Cry Terror!, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is James Mason, Inger Stevens, Rod Steiger, Neville Brand, Angie Dickinson, genre is thriller. Release year is 1958, title is Daddy-O, ethnicity is American, director is Lou Place, cast is Dick Contino, Sandra Giles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Damn Yankees, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, George Abbott, cast is Tab Hunter, Gwen Verdon, Ray Walston, genre is musical. Release year is 1958, title is Darby's Rangers, ethnicity is American, director is William Wellman, cast is James Garner, Jack Warden, Stuart Whitman, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is Day of the Badman, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Fred MacMurray, Joan Weldon, John Ericson, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Decks Ran Red, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is James Mason, Dorothy Dandridge, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Deep Six, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Alan Ladd, Dianne Foster, William Bendix, genre is war drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Defiant Ones, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Tony Curtis, Sidney Poitier, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Desert Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Marquis Warren, cast is Brian Keith, Barbara Hale, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is Dragstrip Riot, ethnicity is American, director is David Bradley, cast is Yvonne Lime, Fay Wray, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Earth vs. the Spider, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Ed Kemmer, June Kenney, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is Edge of Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Gurney, cast is Michael Higgins, Jean Allison, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Enchanted Island, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Jane Powell, Dana Andrews, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is The Fearmakers, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Dana Andrews, Dick Foran, Mel Torme, genre is thriller. Release year is 1958, title is The Female Animal, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Hedy Lamarr, Jan Sterling, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Fiend Without a Face, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Crabtree, cast is Marshall Thompson, Kynaston Reeves, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is Fifi Blows Her Top, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1958, title is The Flame Barrier, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Landres, cast is Arthur Franz, Kathleen Crowley, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is Flood Tide, ethnicity is American, director is Abner Biberman, cast is George Nader, Cornell Borchers, genre is drama, romance. Release year is 1958, title is Flying Saucer Daffy, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1958, title is Fort Bowie, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Ben Johnson, Maureen Hingert, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Fort Massacre, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Joel McCrea, Forrest Tucker, Susan Cabot, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Frankenstein 1970, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Boris Karloff, Don 'Red' Barry, genre is horror. Release year is 1958, title is Frankenstein's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Cunha, cast is John Ashley, genre is horror. Release year is 1958, title is Fraulein, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Dana Wynter, Mel Ferrer, Dolores Michaels, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is From Hell to Texas, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Don Murray, Diane Varsi, R.G. Armstrong, Chill Wills, Dennis Hopper, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is From the Earth to the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Joseph Cotten, George Sanders, Debra Paget, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is Gang War, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Fowler, Jr., cast is Charles Bronson, Jennifer Holden, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Geisha Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Jerry Lewis, Sessue Hayakawa, Suzanne Pleshette, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Ghost of the China Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is David Brian, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is The Gift of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Lauren Bacall, Robert Stack, Lorne Greene, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Gigi, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Leslie Caron, Louis Jourdan, Maurice Chevalier, Hermione Gingold, genre is musical. Release year is 1958, title is The Girl Most Likely, ethnicity is American, director is Mitchell Leisen, cast is Jane Powell, Cliff Robertson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Girl in the Woods, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Gries, cast is Margaret Hayes, Forrest Tucker, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is God's Little Acre, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Robert Ryan, Aldo Ray, Tina Louise, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Goddess, ethnicity is American, director is John Cromwell, cast is Kim Stanley, Lloyd Bridges, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Going Steady, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Molly Bee, genre is romance. Release year is 1958, title is Gun Fever, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Stevens, cast is Mark Stevens, Maureen Hingert, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Gunman's Walk, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Van Heflin, Tab Hunter, Kathryn Grant, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Gun Runners, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Audie Murphy, Eddie Albert, Patricia Owens, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is Handle with Care, ethnicity is American, director is David Friedkin, cast is Dean Jones, Joan O'Brien, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Harry Black, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Fregonese, cast is Stewart Granger, Barbara Rush, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is The Haunted Strangler, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Day, cast is Boris Karloff, genre is horror. Release year is 1958, title is The High Cost of Loving, ethnicity is American, director is Jose Ferrer, cast is Jose Ferrer, Gena Rowlands, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is High Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Balaban, cast is Elaine Stewart, John Derek, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is High School Confidential, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Mamie Van Doren, Russ Tamblyn, Diane Jergens, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1958, title is Hot Car Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Kowalski, cast is June Kenney, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Hot Rod Gang, ethnicity is American, director is Lew Landers, cast is John Ashley, Gene Vincent, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Hot Spell, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Anthony Quinn, Shirley MacLaine, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Houseboat, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Cary Grant, Sophia Loren, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1958, title is How to Make a Monster, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert L. Strock, cast is Robert H. Harris, Gary Conway, genre is horror. Release year is 1958, title is The Hunters, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Powell, cast is Robert Mitchum, Robert Wagner, Richard Egan, Lee Philips, May Britt, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is I Bury the Living, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Band, cast is Richard Boone, Theodore Bikel, genre is horror. Release year is 1958, title is I Married a Monster from Outer Space, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Fowler, Jr., cast is Tom Tryon, Gloria Talbott, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is I Married a Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Kanter, cast is George Gobel, Diana Dors, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is I Want to Live!, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Susan Hayward, Simon Oakland, Theodore Bikel, genre is biography. Release year is 1958, title is Imitation General, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Glenn Ford, Red Buttons, Taina Elg, genre is war comedy. Release year is 1958, title is In Love and War, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Dunne, cast is Robert Wagner, Dana Wynter, Sheree North, Jeffrey Hunter, Hope Lange, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is In the Money, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is Huntz Hall, Stanley Clements, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is The Inn of the Sixth Happiness, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Ingrid Bergman, Curt Jurgens, Robert Donat, genre is biography. Release year is 1958, title is It! The Terror from Beyond Space, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Marshall Thompson, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1958, title is Jet Attack, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is John Agar, Audrey Totter, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is Johnny Rocco, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Landres, cast is Coleen Gray, Richard Eyer, genre is crime. Release year is 1958, title is Kathy O', ethnicity is American, director is Jack Sher, cast is Jan Sterling, Patty McCormack, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is The Key, ethnicity is American, director is Carol Reed, cast is Sophia Loren, William Holden, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is King Creole, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Elvis Presley, Vic Morrow, Dean Jagger, Carolyn Jones, Walter Matthau, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Kings Go Forth, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Frank Sinatra, Tony Curtis, Natalie Wood, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is Knighty Knight Bugs, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Mel Blanc (voice), genre is animated. Release year is 1958, title is The Lady Takes a Flyer, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Lana Turner, Jeff Chandler, genre is romance. Release year is 1958, title is Lafayette Escadrille, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Wellman, cast is Tab Hunter, David Janssen, Will Hutchins, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is The Last Hurrah, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Spencer Tracy, Pat O'Brien, Jeffrey Hunter, Dianne Foster, Basil Rathbone, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Law and Jake Wade, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Robert Taylor, Richard Widmark, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Left Handed Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Paul Newman, Lita Milan, John Dehner, genre is western, biography. Release year is 1958, title is The Lineup, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Eli Wallach, Robert Keith, Richard Jaeckel, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is Live Fast, Die Young, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Henreid, cast is Mary Murphy, Norma Eberhardt, Mike Connors, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is Lonelyhearts, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent J. Donehue, cast is Montgomery Clift, Myrna Loy, Maureen Stapleton, Robert Ryan, Dolores Hart, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is The Long, Hot Summer, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Paul Newman, Orson Welles, Joanne Woodward, Angela Lansbury, Anthony Franciosa, Lee Remick, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Machete, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is Mari Blanchard, Albert Dekker, Lee Van Cleef, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Machine-Gun Kelly, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Charles Bronson, Susan Cabot, genre is crime. Release year is 1958, title is Man in the Shadow, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Jeff Chandler, Orson Welles, Colleen Miller, Ben Alexander, Barbara Lawrence, genre is crime, western. Release year is 1958, title is Man of the West, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Gary Cooper, Lee J. Cobb, Julie London, Jack Lord, Arthur O'Connell, John Dehner, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Man Who Died Twice, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Rod Cameron, Vera Ralston, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Maracaibo, ethnicity is American, director is Cornel Wilde, cast is Cornel Wilde, Jean Wallace, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Matchmaker, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Anthony, cast is Shirley Booth, Shirley MacLaine, Anthony Perkins, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Me and the Colonel, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Glenville, cast is Danny Kaye, Nicole Maurey, genre is war comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Merry Andrew, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Kidd, cast is Danny Kaye, Pier Angeli, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Missile to the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Richard E. Cunha, cast is Richard Travis, Cathy Downs, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is The Missouri Traveler, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Hopper, cast is Brandon deWilde, Lee Marvin, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Monster on the Campus, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Arthur Franz, Joanna Moore, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is The Naked and the Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Cliff Robertson, Raymond Massey Aldo Ray, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is A Nice Little Bank That Should Be Robbed, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Tom Ewell, Mickey Rooney, Dina Merrill, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Oil's Well That Ends Well, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1958, title is The Old Man and the Sea, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Spencer Tracy, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is Onionhead, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Andy Griffith, Walter Matthau, Joey Bishop, Felicia Farr, James Gregory, Erin O'Brien, genre is drama, comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Outcasts of the City, ethnicity is American, director is Boris Petroff, cast is Osa Massen, Robert Hutton, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Paris Holiday, ethnicity is American, director is Gerd Oswald, cast is Bob Hope, Fernandel, Anita Ekberg, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is The Party Crashers, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Girard, cast is Frances Farmer, Doris Dowling, Connie Stevens, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Party Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Cyd Charisse, Robert Taylor, Lee J. Cobb, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is The Perfect Furlough, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Tony Curtis, Janet Leigh, Linda Cristal, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Pies and Guys, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1958, title is Pre-Hysterical Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated. Release year is 1958, title is The Proud Rebel, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Alan Ladd, Olivia de Havilland, Dean Jagger, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Queen of Outer Space, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Zsa Zsa Gabor, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is The Quiet American, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Audie Murphy, Michael Redgrave, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is Quiz Whizz, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1958, title is Rally Round the Flag, Boys!, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, Joan Collins, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Raw Wind in Eden, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wilson, cast is Esther Williams, Jeff Chandler, Rossana Podestà, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Reluctant Debutante, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Rex Harrison, Kay Kendall, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1958, title is The Restless Years, ethnicity is American, director is Helmut Käutner, cast is John Saxon, Sandra Dee, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is The Return of Dracula, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Landres, cast is Francis Lederer, Norma Eberhardt, genre is horror. Release year is 1958, title is Return of the Fly, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Vincent Price, genre is horror. Release year is 1958, title is Return to Warbow, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Nazarro, cast is Philip Carey, Catherine McLeod, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Ride a Crooked Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Jesse Hibbs, cast is Audie Murphy, Gia Scala, Henry Silva, Walter Matthau, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Robin Hood Daffy, ethnicity is American, director is Charles M. Jones, cast is Daffy Duck, genre is animated. Release year is 1958, title is Rock-A-Bye Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Jerry Lewis, Marilyn Maxwell, Connie Stevens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is The Roots of Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Errol Flynn, Trevor Howard, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is Royal Cat Nap, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1958, title is Run Silent, Run Deep, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Clark Gable, Burt Lancaster, Jack Warden, Brad Dexter, Don Rickles, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is Saddle the Wind, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Parrish, cast is Robert Taylor, John Cassavetes, Julie London, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Saga of Hemp Brown, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Carlson, cast is Rory Calhoun, Beverly Garland, John Larch, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Screaming Mimi, ethnicity is American, director is Gerd Oswald, cast is Anita Ekberg, Gypsy Rose Lee, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Screaming Skull, ethnicity is American, director is Alex Nicol, cast is John Hudson, Peggy Webber, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1958, title is Separate Tables, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is David Niven, Deborah Kerr, Burt Lancaster, Wendy Hiller, Gladys Cooper, Rita Hayworth, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Seven Hills of Rome, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Mario Lanza, Peggie Castle, genre is musical. Release year is 1958, title is The Seventh Voyage of Sinbad, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan H. Juran, cast is Kerwin Mathews, Kathryn Grant, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1958, title is She Demons, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Cunha, cast is Irish McCalla, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is She Gods of Shark Reef, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Lisa Montell, Don Durant, genre is thriller. Release year is 1958, title is The Sheepman, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Glenn Ford, Shirley MacLaine, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Sierra Baron, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Clark, cast is Brian Keith, Mala Powers, Rita Gam, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Sing, Boy, Sing, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Ephron, cast is Tommy Sands, Lili Gentle, Edmond O'Brien, genre is musical. Release year is 1958, title is Some Came Running, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Shirley MacLaine, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Son of Robin Hood, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is David Hedison, June Laverick, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is The Space Children, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Michel Rey, Adam Williams, Peggy Webber, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is Space Master X-7, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Bill Williams, Lyn Thomas, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is Stakeout on Dope Street, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Kershner, cast is Abby Dalton, genre is crime. Release year is 1958, title is Step Down to Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Colleen Miller, Rod Taylor, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is Summer Love, ethnicity is American, director is Charles F. Haas, cast is John Saxon, Molly Bee, Jill St. John, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Sweet and Hot, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is slapstick. Release year is 1958, title is Tarawa Beachhead, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Ray Danton, Julie Adams, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is The Tarnished Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Robert Stack, Rock Hudson, Dorothy Malone, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Tarzan's Fight for Life, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Gordon Scott, Eve Brent, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is Teacher's Pet, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Clark Gable, Doris Day, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Teenage Cave Man, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Robert Vaughn, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is Ten North Frederick, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Dunne, cast is Gary Cooper, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Suzy Parker, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Terror from the Year 5000, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Gurney, Jr., cast is Salome Jens, Ward Costello, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is Terror in a Texas Town, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph H. Lewis, cast is Sterling Hayden, Sebastian Cabot, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is The Thing That Couldn't Die, ethnicity is American, director is Will Cowan, cast is William Reynolds, Andra Martin, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1958, title is This Angry Age, ethnicity is American, director is Rene Clement, cast is Anthony Perkins, Silvana Mangano, Richard Conte, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is This Happy Feeling, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Curd Jürgens, John Saxon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Thunder Road, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Ripley, cast is Robert Mitchum, Gene Barry, Keely Smith, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1958, title is A Time to Love and a Time to Die, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is John Gavin, Liselotte Pulver, Jock Mahoney, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Tom Thumb, ethnicity is American, director is George Pal, cast is Russ Tamblyn, Alan Young, Terry-Thomas, genre is musical. Release year is 1958, title is Too Much, Too Soon, ethnicity is American, director is Art Napoleon, cast is Dorothy Malone, Errol Flynn, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., genre is biography. Release year is 1958, title is Torpedo Run, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Glenn Ford, Ernest Borgnine, Diane Brewster, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is Tot Watchers, ethnicity is American, director is William Hanna, Joseph Barbera, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is cartoon short. Release year is 1958, title is Touch of Evil, ethnicity is American, director is Orson Welles, cast is Charlton Heston, Janet Leigh, Orson Welles, Joseph Calleia, Akim Tamiroff, Marlene Dietrich, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is The True Story of Lynn Stuart, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Seiler, cast is Betsy Palmer, Jack Lord, genre is biography. Release year is 1958, title is The Tunnel of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Kelly, cast is Doris Day, Richard Widmark, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1958, title is Twilight for the Gods, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Rock Hudson, Cyd Charisse, Arthur Kennedy, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is Vertigo, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is James Stewart, Kim Novak, Barbara Bel Geddes, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is The Vikings, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Kirk Douglas, Tony Curtis, Ernest Borgnine, Janet Leigh, James Donald, genre is adventure. Release year is 1958, title is Violent Road, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., Brian Keith, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is Voice in the Mirror, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Richard Egan, Julie London, Walter Matthau, genre is film noir. Release year is 1958, title is War of the Colossal Beast, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Sally Fraser, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1958, title is When Hell Broke Loose, ethnicity is American, director is Kenneth Crane, cast is Charles Bronson, Richard Jaeckel, genre is war. Release year is 1958, title is The Whole Truth, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is Stewart Granger, Donna Reed, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1958, title is Wild Heritage, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Haas, cast is Will Rogers, Jr., Maureen O'Sullivan, genre is western. Release year is 1958, title is Wind Across the Everglades, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Burl Ives, Christopher Plummer, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The World Was His Jury, ethnicity is American, director is Fred F. Sears, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Mona Freeman, genre is drama. Release year is 1958, title is The Young Lions, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, Dean Martin, Barbara Rush, Hope Lange, May Britt, genre is war drama. Release year is 1959, title is -30-, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Webb, cast is Jack Webb, William Conrad, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is 4D Man, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., cast is Robert Lansing, Lee Meriwether, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1959, title is The 30 Foot Bride of Candy Rock, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Miller, cast is Lou Costello, Dorothy Provine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is Alaska Passage, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Lyn Thomas, Bill Williams, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Al Capone, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wilson, cast is Rod Steiger, Nehemiah Persoff, James Gregory, Fay Spain, genre is biography. Release year is 1959, title is Alias Jesse James, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Z. McLeod, cast is Bob Hope, Rhonda Fleming, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Alligator People, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Beverly Garland, Bruce Bennett, genre is horror. Release year is 1959, title is Anatomy of a Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is James Stewart, Lee Remick, George C. Scott, Ben Gazzara, Arthur O'Connell, Eve Arden, Joseph N. Welch, Kathryn Grant, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Angry Red Planet, ethnicity is American, director is Ib Melchior, cast is Gerald Mohr, Naura Hayden, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1959, title is The Atomic Submarine, ethnicity is American, director is Spencer Gordon Bennet, cast is Arthur Franz, Dick Foran, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1959, title is Ask Any Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is David Niven, Shirley MacLaine, Gig Young, Rod Taylor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is Attack of the Giant Leeches, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard L. Kowalski, cast is Ken Clarke, Yvette Vickers, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1959, title is The Bat, ethnicity is American, director is Crane Wilbur, cast is Vincent Price, Agnes Moorehead, Darla Hood, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1959, title is Battle of the Coral Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Cliff Robertson, Gia Scala, genre is adventure. Release year is 1959, title is Beast from Haunted Cave, ethnicity is American, director is Monte Hellman, cast is Michael Forest, Frank Wolff, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1959, title is The Beat Generation, ethnicity is American, director is Charles F. Haas, cast is Mamie Van Doren, Ray Danton, Fay Spain, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Behemoth, the Sea Monster, ethnicity is American, director is Eugène Lourié, cast is Gene Evans, André Morell, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1959, title is Beloved Infidel, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Gregory Peck, Deborah Kerr, genre is biography. Release year is 1959, title is Ben-Hur, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Charlton Heston, Stephen Boyd, Jack Hawkins, Martha Scott, Hugh Griffith, Cathy O'Donnell, Sam Jaffe, genre is drama, epic. Release year is 1959, title is The Best of Everything, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Diane Baker, Stephen Boyd, Hope Lange, Louis Jourdan, Suzy Parker, Joan Crawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Big Circus, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Victor Mature, Red Buttons, Rhonda Fleming, David Nelson, Kathryn Grant, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Big Fisherman, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Borzage, cast is Howard Keel, Susan Kohner, John Saxon, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Big Operator, ethnicity is American, director is Charles F. Haas, cast is Mickey Rooney, Steve Cochran, Mamie Van Doren, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Blue Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is May Britt, Curt Jurgens, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Blue Denim, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Dunne, cast is Carol Lynley, Macdonald Carey, Brandon deWilde, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Born to Be Loved, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Haas, cast is Carol Morris, Dick Kallman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is A Bucket of Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Dick Miller, Ed Nelson, genre is horror. Release year is 1959, title is But Not for Me, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Clark Gable, Carroll Baker, Lilli Palmer, Lee J. Cobb, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1959, title is Career, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Anthony, cast is Dean Martin, Tony Franciosa, Carolyn Jones, Shirley MacLaine, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Compulsion, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Bradford Dillman, Dean Stockwell, Diane Varsi, Orson Welles, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1959, title is Count Your Blessings, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Deborah Kerr, Rossano Brazzi, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Crimson Kimono, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Victoria Shaw, Glenn Corbett, James Shigeta, genre is film noir. Release year is 1959, title is Cuban Rebel Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Barry Mahon, cast is Errol Flynn, Beverly Aadland, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Darby O'Gill and the Little People, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Albert Sharpe, Janet Munro, Sean Connery, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1959, title is Day of the Outlaw, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Robert Ryan, Burl Ives, Tina Louise, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is The Devil's Disciple, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Hamilton, cast is Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, Laurence Olivier, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Diary of Anne Frank, ethnicity is American, director is George Stevens, cast is Joseph Schildkraut, Ed Wynn, Shelley Winters, Millie Perkins, Richard Beymer, Diane Baker, genre is biography. Release year is 1959, title is Don't Give Up the Ship, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Jerry Lewis, Dina Merrill, Gale Gordon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is Edge of Eternity, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Cornel Wilde, Victoria Shaw, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1959, title is Escort West, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is Victor Mature, Elaine Stewart, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is The FBI Story, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is James Stewart, Vera Miles, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Face of a Fugitive, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Fred MacMurray, Myrna Fahey, James Coburn, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is First Man into Space, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Day, cast is Marshall Thompson, Marla Landi, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is Five Gates to Hell, ethnicity is American, director is James Clavell, cast is Patricia Owens, Dolores Michaels, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Five Pennies, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Danny Kaye, Louis Armstrong, genre is biography, musical. Release year is 1959, title is The Four Skulls of Jonathan Drake, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Eduard Franz, Valerie French, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is The Fugitive Kind, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Marlon Brando, Joanne Woodward, Anna Magnani, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Gangster Story, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Matthau, cast is Walter Matthau, Carol Grace, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Gazebo, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Glenn Ford, Debbie Reynolds, Carl Reiner, genre is black comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Giant Gila Monster, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Kellogg, cast is Don Sullivan, Fred Graham, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is Gidget, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Sandra Dee, Cliff Robertson, James Darren, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is Girls Town, ethnicity is American, director is Charles F. Haas, cast is Mamie van Doren, Mel Torme, Paul Anka, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Guggenheim, cast is Steve McQueen, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Green Mansions, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Ferrer, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Anthony Perkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Guns Girls and Gangsters, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Mamie Van Doren, Lee Van Cleef, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Hanging Tree, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Gary Cooper, Maria Schell, Karl Malden, George C. Scott, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Hangman, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Robert Taylor, Tina Louise, Fess Parker, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is Happy Anniversary, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is David Niven, Mitzi Gaynor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is Have Rocket, Will Travel, ethnicity is American, director is David Lowell Rich, cast is Three Stooges, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is A Hole in the Head, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Frank Sinatra, Edward G. Robinson, Eleanor Parker, Carolyn Jones, Eddie Hodges, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Holiday for Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Clifton Webb, Jane Wyman, Jill St. John, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Horse Soldiers, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, William Holden, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is Hound-Dog Man, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Fabian, Carol Lynley, genre is musical. Release year is 1959, title is House on Haunted Hill, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Vincent Price, Elisha Cook, Jr., genre is horror. Release year is 1959, title is Imitation of Life, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Sirk, cast is Lana Turner, John Gavin, Sandra Dee, Juanita Moore, Susan Kohner, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Inside the Mafia, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Cameron Mitchell, Grant Richards, genre is crime. Release year is 1959, title is Invisible Invaders, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is John Agar, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is Island of Lost Women, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tuttle, cast is Jeff Richards, Venetia Stevenson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is It Happened to Jane, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Doris Day, Jack Lemmon, Ernie Kovacs, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Jazz Singer, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Jerry Lewis, Anna Maria Alberghetti, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Jet Over the Atlantic, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Guy Madison, Virginia Mayo, George Raft, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Jet Storm, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Endfield, cast is Richard Attenborough, Stanley Baker, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is John Paul Jones, ethnicity is American, director is John Farrow, cast is Robert Stack, Bette Davis, Marisa Pavan, genre is biography. Release year is 1959, title is The Journey, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Yul Brynner, Deborah Kerr, Robert Morley, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Journey to the Center of the Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is James Mason, Pat Boone, Diane Baker, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is Juke Box Rhythm, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Dreifuss, cast is Jo Morrow, Jack Jones, Brian Donlevy, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Killer Shrews, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Kellogg, cast is Ken Curtis, James Best, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is The Last Angry Man, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Paul Muni, David Wayne, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Last Blitzkrieg, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Dreifuss, cast is Van Johnson, Dick York, genre is war. Release year is 1959, title is The Last Mile, ethnicity is American, director is Howard W. Koch, cast is Mickey Rooney, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1959, title is Last Train from Gun Hill, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Kirk Douglas, Anthony Quinn, Carolyn Jones, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is The Legend of Tom Dooley, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Post, cast is Michael Landon, Jo Morrow, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is Li'l Abner, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, cast is Peter Palmer, Leslie Parrish, Stella Stevens, Howard St. John, Stubby Kaye, Julie Newmar, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Man in the Net, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Alan Ladd, Carolyn Jones, Diane Brewster, genre is film noir. Release year is 1959, title is The Man Who Understood Women, ethnicity is American, director is Nunnally Johnson, cast is Henry Fonda, Leslie Caron, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Mating Game, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Tony Randall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Miracle, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Rapper, cast is Carroll Baker, Roger Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Miracle of the Hills, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Landres, cast is Rex Reason, Betty Lou Gerson, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is Miracle on 34th Street, ethnicity is American, director is William Corrigan, cast is Ed Wynn, Orson Bean, Mary Healy, Peter Lind Hayes, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1959, title is Muscle Up a Little Closer, ethnicity is American, director is Jules White, cast is Three Stooges, genre is short subject. Release year is 1959, title is Never So Few, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Frank Sinatra, Steve McQueen, Peter Lawford, Gina Lollobrigida, genre is war drama. Release year is 1959, title is Night of the Ghouls, ethnicity is American, director is Ed Wood, cast is Kenne Duncan, Duke Moore, genre is horror. Release year is 1959, title is Night of the Quarter Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Haas, cast is Julie London, Dean Jones, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is No Name on the Bullet, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Audie Murphy, Charles Drake, Joan Evans, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is North by Northwest, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint, James Mason, Martin Landau, Leo G. Carroll, Jessie Royce Landis, genre is suspense. Release year is 1959, title is The Nun's Story, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Peter Finch, Edith Evans, Colleen Dewhurst, Peggy Ashcroft, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Odds Against Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Harry Belafonte, Shelley Winters, genre is film noir. Release year is 1959, title is On the Beach, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Gregory Peck, Ava Gardner, Fred Astaire, Anthony Perkins, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is Operation Dames, ethnicity is American, director is Louis Clyde Stoumen, cast is Eve Meyer, genre is war drama. Release year is 1959, title is Operation Petticoat, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Cary Grant, Tony Curtis, genre is war comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Oregon Trail, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Fowler Jr., cast is Fred MacMurray, Nina Shipman, genre is adventure. Release year is 1959, title is Paratroop Command, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Richard Bakalyan, genre is war drama. Release year is 1959, title is Pier 5, Havana, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Cameron Mitchell, Allison Hayes, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Plan 9 from Outer Space, ethnicity is American, director is Ed Wood, cast is Bela Lugosi, Vampira, Tor Johnson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is Porgy and Bess, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Sidney Poitier, Dorothy Dandridge, Sammy Davis, Jr., Pearl Bailey, Diahann Carroll, Ivan Dixon, Brock Peters, genre is musical. Release year is 1959, title is Pork Chop Hill, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Gregory Peck, Woody Strode, Rip Torn, George Peppard, genre is war. Release year is 1959, title is The Rabbit Trap, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Leacock, cast is Ernest Borgnine, Bethel Leslie, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Rebel Set, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Fowler Jr., cast is Kathleen Crowley, John Lupton, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Return of the Fly, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is Vincent Price, Brett Halsey, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is Ride Lonesome, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Randolph Scott, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is Rio Bravo, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is John Wayne, Dean Martin, Ricky Nelson, Angie Dickinson, Walter Brennan, Ward Bond, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is Riot in Juvenile Prison, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Scott Marlowe, Dorothy Provine, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Rookie, ethnicity is American, director is George O'Hanlon, cast is Tommy Noonan, Julie Newmar, Peter Marshall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Sad Horse, ethnicity is American, director is James Clark, cast is Rex Reason, Patrice Wymore, David Ladd, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Say One for Me, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Bing Crosby, Debbie Reynolds, Robert Wagner, Ray Walston, genre is musical. Release year is 1959, title is The Scapegoat, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Hamer, cast is Alec Guinness, Bette Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Shadows, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Ben Carruthers, Lelia Goldoni, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Shaggy Dog, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Fred MacMurray, Tommy Kirk, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is Shake Hands with the Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is James Cagney, Don Murray, Dana Wynter, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Sleeping Beauty, ethnicity is American, director is Clyde Geronimi, cast is Eleanor Audley, Mary Costa, genre is animated film. Release year is 1959, title is Solomon and Sheba, ethnicity is American, director is King Vidor, cast is Yul Brynner, Gina Lollobrigida, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Some Like It Hot, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Marilyn Monroe, Jack Lemmon, Tony Curtis, George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Joe E. Brown, genre is comedy. Release year is 1959, title is The Sound and the Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Yul Brynner, Joanne Woodward, Margaret Leighton, Stuart Whitman, Jack Warden, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is A Stranger in My Arms, ethnicity is American, director is Helmut Käutner, cast is Jeff Chandler, June Allyson, Mary Astor, genre is war drama. Release year is 1959, title is Suddenly, Last Summer, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Elizabeth Taylor, Montgomery Clift, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is A Summer Place, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Richard Egan, Sandra Dee, Troy Donahue, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Tarzan's Greatest Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillerman, cast is Gordon Scott, Sean Connery, genre is adventure. Release year is 1959, title is Tarzan, the Ape Man, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Denny Miller, Joanna Barnes, genre is adventure. Release year is 1959, title is Teenage Zombies, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Warren, cast is Don Sullivan, Katherine Victor, genre is horror. Release year is 1959, title is Teenagers from Outer Space, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Graeff, cast is Dawn Bender, Bryan Grant, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is Ten Seconds to Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Jack Palance, Jeff Chandler, genre is war. Release year is 1959, title is Terror Is a Man, ethnicity is American, director is Gerardo de Leon, cast is Francis Lederer, Greta Thyssen, genre is horror. Release year is 1959, title is That Kind of Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Sophia Loren, Tab Hunter, Jack Warden, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is These Thousand Hills, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Don Murray, Richard Egan, Lee Remick, Patricia Owens, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is They Came to Cordura, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is Gary Cooper, Rita Hayworth, Van Heflin, Richard Conte, Dick York, Tab Hunter, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is This Earth Is Mine, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Rock Hudson, Jean Simmons, Dorothy McGuire, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Thunder in the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Rouse, cast is Susan Hayward, Jeff Chandler, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is Timbuktu, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Victor Mature, Yvonne De Carlo, genre is adventure. Release year is 1959, title is The Tingler, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Vincent Price, Judith Evelyn, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is The Trap, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Panama, cast is Richard Widmark, Lee J. Cobb, Earl Holliman, Tina Louise, genre is crime. Release year is 1959, title is Up Periscope, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is James Garner, Edmund O'Brien, Andra Martin, Alan Hale, Jr., genre is war. Release year is 1959, title is Verboten!, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Susan Cummings, James Best, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is Warlock, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Richard Widmark, Henry Fonda, Anthony Quinn, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is Watusi, ethnicity is American, director is Kurt Neumann, cast is George Montgomery, Taina Elg, genre is adventure. Release year is 1959, title is The Wasp Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Susan Cabot, Anthony Eisley, genre is horror. Release year is 1959, title is Westbound, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Randolph Scott, Virginia Mayo, Karen Steele, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is The Wild and the Innocent, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Sher, cast is Audie Murphy, Joanne Dru, Sandra Dee, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is Woman Obsessed, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Susan Hayward, Stephen Boyd, genre is drama. Release year is 1959, title is The Wonderful Country, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Parrish, cast is Robert Mitchum, Julie London, Pedro Armendáriz, Albert Dekker, Satchel Paige, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is The World, the Flesh and the Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Ranald MacDougall, cast is Harry Belafonte, Inger Stevens, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1959, title is The Wreck of the Mary Deare, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is Gary Cooper, Charlton Heston, Michael Redgrave, genre is thriller. Release year is 1959, title is The Young Land, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Tetzlaff, cast is Dennis Hopper, Patrick Wayne, genre is western. Release year is 1959, title is The Young Philadelphians, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Paul Newman, Barbara Rush, Robert Vaughn, Brian Keith, Alexis Smith, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is The Dark at the Top of the Stairs, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Robert Preston, Dorothy McGuire, Eve Arden, Shirley Knight, Angela Lansbury, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Desire in the Dust, ethnicity is American, director is Robert L. Lippert, cast is Raymond Burr, Martha Hyer, Joan Bennett, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Dinosaurus!, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Yeaworth, cast is Ward Ramsey, Paul Lukather, Kristina Hanson, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1960, title is Elmer Gantry, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Burt Lancaster, Jean Simmons, Arthur Kennedy, Shirley Jones, Dean Jagger, Patti Page, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Esther and the King, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Joan Collins, Richard Egan, Denis O'Dea, genre is biblical. Release year is 1960, title is Exodus, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Paul Newman, Eva Marie Saint, Ralph Richardson, Sal Mineo, Peter Lawford, Lee J. Cobb, Jill Haworth, Hugh Griffith, John Derek, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is The Facts of Life, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, cast is Bob Hope, Lucille Ball, Ruth Hussey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Five Guns to Tombstone, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is James Brown, Walter Coy, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is Four Fast Guns, ethnicity is American, director is William Hole, cast is Martha Vickers, James Craig, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is Freckles, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Carol Christensen, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is From the Terrace, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, Myrna Loy, Ina Balin, Leon Ames, George Grizzard, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is G.I. Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Elvis Presley, Juliet Prowse, Robert Ivers, genre is musical. Release year is 1960, title is The Grass Is Greener, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Cary Grant, Deborah Kerr, Robert Mitchum, Jean Simmons, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Guns of the Timberland, ethnicity is American, director is Robert D. Webb, cast is Alan Ladd, Jeanne Crain, Gilbert Roland, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is Hell Bent for Leather, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Audie Murphy, Felicia Farr, Stephen McNally, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is Hell to Eternity, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, David Janssen, Vic Damone, genre is war. Release year is 1960, title is Heller in Pink Tights, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Sophia Loren, Anthony Quinn, Margaret O'Brien, Steve Forrest, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is The High Powered Rifle, ethnicity is American, director is Maury Dexter, cast is Allison Hayes, Willard Parker, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is High Time, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Bing Crosby, Fabian, Tuesday Weld, Nicole Maurey, genre is musical. Release year is 1960, title is Home from the Hill, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Robert Mitchum, Eleanor Parker, George Peppard, George Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is House of Usher, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Vincent Price, Mark Damon, Myrna Fahey, genre is horror. Release year is 1960, title is The Hypnotic Eye, ethnicity is American, director is George Blair, cast is Jacques Bergerac, Allison Hayes, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1960, title is Ice Palace, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Richard Burton, Robert Ryan, Martha Hyer, Jim Backus, Carolyn Jones, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is I'll Give My Life, ethnicity is American, director is William Claxton, cast is Angie Dickinson, Ray Collins, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Inherit the Wind, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Spencer Tracy, Fredric March, Gene Kelly, Harry Morgan, Claude Akins, Dick York, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is It Started in Naples, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Clark Gable, Sophia Loren, Vittorio De Sica, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Key Witness, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, Pat Crowley, Dennis Hopper, genre is crime. Release year is 1960, title is The Last Voyage, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Robert Stack, Dorothy Malone, George Sanders, Woody Strode, Jack Kruschen, genre is adventure. Release year is 1960, title is Last Woman on Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Betsy Jones-Moreland, Antony Carbone, Robert Towne, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1960, title is The Leech Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dein, cast is Grant Williams, Coleen Gray, Phillip Terry, Gloria Talbot, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1960, title is Let's Make Love, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Marilyn Monroe, Yves Montand, Tony Randall, Frankie Vaughan, Milton Berle, Gene Kelly, Bing Crosby, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Let No Man Write My Epitaph, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Leacock, cast is Burl Ives, Shelley Winters, James Darren, Jean Seberg, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is The Little Shop of Horrors, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Jonathan Haze, Jackie Joseph, Mel Welles, Dick Miller, Jack Nicholson, genre is sci-fi comedy. Release year is 1960, title is The Lost World, ethnicity is American, director is Irwin Allen, cast is Michael Rennie, Jill St. John, David Hedison, Fernando Lamas, Claude Rains, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1960, title is The Magnificent Seven, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Yul Brynner, Eli Wallach, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Robert Vaughn, James Coburn, Brad Dexter, Horst Buchholz, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is Man on a String, ethnicity is American, director is Andre DeToth, cast is Ernest Borgnine, Kerwin Mathews, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Midnight Lace, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Doris Day, Rex Harrison, John Gavin, Roddy McDowall, Myrna Loy, genre is suspense. Release year is 1960, title is Moment of Danger, ethnicity is American, director is Laszlo Benedek, cast is Trevor Howard, Dorothy Dandridge, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is The Mountain Road, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is James Stewart, Lisa Lu, Glenn Corbett, Harry Morgan, genre is war. Release year is 1960, title is Murder, Inc., ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Stuart Whitman, May Britt, Peter Falk, Henry Morgan, genre is crime. Release year is 1960, title is Noose for a Gunman, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Jim Davis, Lyn Thomas, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is North to Alaska, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is John Wayne, Stewart Granger, Capucine, Fabian, Ernie Kovacs, Mickey Shaughnessy, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Ocean's 11, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr., Peter Lawford, Joey Bishop, Angie Dickinson, Richard Conte, George Raft, Cesar Romero, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1960, title is Once More, with Feeling!, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Yul Brynner, Kay Kendall, Gregory Ratoff, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Pay or Die, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wilson, cast is Ernest Borgnine, Zohra Lampert, genre is crime. Release year is 1960, title is Pepe, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Cantinflas, Dan Dailey, Shirley Jones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Platinum High School, ethnicity is American, director is Charles F. Haas, cast is Mickey Rooney, Dan Duryea, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Please Don't Eat the Daisies, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Doris Day, David Niven, Janis Paige, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Pollyanna, ethnicity is American, director is David Swift, cast is Hayley Mills, Jane Wyman, Richard Egan, Karl Malden, genre is family comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Portrait in Black, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Lana Turner, Anthony Quinn, Richard Basehart, Sandra Dee, John Saxon, genre is suspense. Release year is 1960, title is The Private Lives of Adam and Eve, ethnicity is American, director is Mickey Rooney, cast is Mickey Rooney, Mamie Van Doren, Mel Tormé, Tuesday Weld, Fay Spain, Paul Anka, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Private Property, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Stevens, cast is Corey Allen, Warren Oates, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1960, title is Psycho, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, Vera Miles, John Gavin, John McIntire, Martin Balsam, genre is suspense. Release year is 1960, title is The Rat Race, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Tony Curtis, Debbie Reynolds, Don Rickles, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is The Rise and Fall of Legs Diamond, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Ray Danton, Karen Steele, Elaine Stewart, genre is crime. Release year is 1960, title is The Savage Innocents, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Anthony Quinn, Peter O'Toole, Yoko Tani, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Scent of Mystery, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Cardiff, cast is Denholm Elliott, Peter Lorre, genre is mystery. Release year is 1960, title is September Storm, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Joanne Dru, Mark Stevens, Robert Strauss, genre is adventure. Release year is 1960, title is Sergeant Rutledge, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, Woody Strode, Constance Towers, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is Seven Ways from Sundown, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Audie Murphy, Barry Sullivan, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is Sex Kittens Go to College, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Zugsmith, cast is Mamie Van Doren, Tuesday Weld, John Carradine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Spartacus, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is Kirk Douglas, Laurence Olivier, Jean Simmons, Tony Curtis, Peter Ustinov, Charles Laughton, John Gavin, Woody Strode, John Ireland, John Dall, genre is epic. Release year is 1960, title is The Story of Ruth, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Stuart Whitman, Tom Tryon, Peggy Wood, Elana Eden, genre is biblical. Release year is 1960, title is Strangers When We Meet, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Kirk Douglas, Kim Novak, Ernie Kovacs, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is The Subterraneans, ethnicity is American, director is Ranald MacDougall, cast is Leslie Caron, George Peppard, Janice Rule, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Summer of the Seventeenth Doll, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie Norman, cast is Ernest Borgnine, Anne Baxter, John Mills, Angela Lansbury, genre is adventure. Release year is 1960, title is The Sundowners, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Deborah Kerr, Robert Mitchum, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Sunrise at Campobello, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent J. Donehue, cast is Ralph Bellamy, Greer Garson, genre is biography. Release year is 1960, title is Surprise Package, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Yul Brynner, Mitzi Gaynor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Swiss Family Robinson, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Annakin, cast is John Mills, Dorothy McGuire, Tommy Kirk, genre is adventure. Release year is 1960, title is Switchin' Kitten, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Deitch, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1960, title is Tall Story, ethnicity is American, director is Joshua Logan, cast is Anthony Perkins, Jane Fonda, Ray Walston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Tarzan the Magnificent, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Day, cast is Gordon Scott, Alexandra Stewart, genre is adventure. Release year is 1960, title is A Terrible Beauty, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Robert Mitchum, Anne Heywood, Dan O'Herlihy, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is This Rebel Breed, ethnicity is American, director is Richard L. Bare, cast is Rita Moreno, Gerald Mohr, Dyan Cannon, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1960, title is The Three Worlds of Gulliver, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Sher, cast is Kerwin Mathews, June Thorburn, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1960, title is The Time Machine, ethnicity is American, director is George Pal, cast is Rod Taylor, Alan Young, Yvette Mimieux, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1960, title is Three Came to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Cameron Mitchell, Lyn Thomas, genre is crime. Release year is 1960, title is Toby Tyler, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Kevin Corcoran, genre is family. Release year is 1960, title is Too Hot to Handle, ethnicity is American, director is Terence Young, cast is Jayne Mansfield, Leo Genn, Karlheinz Böhm, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Tormented, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Richard Carlson, Lugene Sanders, genre is horror. Release year is 1960, title is The Unforgiven, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Burt Lancaster, Audrey Hepburn, Audie Murphy, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is Vice Raid, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Mamie Van Doren, Richard Coogan, genre is crime. Release year is 1960, title is Visit to a Small Planet, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Jerry Lewis, Joan Blackman, Earl Holliman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is The Wackiest Ship In the Army, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Murphy, cast is Jack Lemmon, Ricky Nelson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Wake Me When It's Over, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Ernie Kovacs, Dick Shawn, Margo Moore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Walk Like a Dragon, ethnicity is American, director is James Clavell, cast is Jack Lord, Nobu McCarthy, Mel Torme, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Walk Tall, ethnicity is American, director is Maury Dexter, cast is Willard Parker, Joyce Meadows, genre is western. Release year is 1960, title is The Wasp Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, Jack Hill, cast is Susan Cabot, Anthony Eisley, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1960, title is Weddings and Babies, ethnicity is American, director is Morris Engel, cast is Viveca Lindfors, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Where the Boys Are, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is George Hamilton, Connie Francis, Yvette Mimieux, Paula Prentiss, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Who Was That Lady?, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Dean Martin, Tony Curtis, Janet Leigh, genre is comedy. Release year is 1960, title is Why Must I Die?, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Del Ruth, cast is Terry Moore, Debra Paget, genre is crime. Release year is 1960, title is The Wild Ride, ethnicity is American, director is Harvey Berman, cast is Jack Nicholson, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is Wild River, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Montgomery Clift, Lee Remick, genre is drama. Release year is 1960, title is The World of Suzie Wong, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is William Holden, Nancy Kwan, Sylvia Sims, genre is romance. Release year is 1960, title is The Young One, ethnicity is American, director is Luis Buñuel, cast is Zachary Scott, Bernie Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Absent-Minded Professor, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Fred MacMurray, Nancy Olson, Keenan Wynn, Tommy Kirk, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Ada, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Susan Hayward, Dean Martin, genre is political drama. Release year is 1961, title is All in a Night's Work, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Anthony, cast is Dean Martin, Shirley MacLaine, Cliff Robertson, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1961, title is All Hands on Deck, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Pat Boone, Barbara Eden, Buddy Hackett, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Angel Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is George Hamilton, Mercedes McCambridge, Joan Blondell, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Atlantis, the Lost Continent, ethnicity is American, director is George Pal, cast is John Dall, Edward Platt, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1961, title is Babes in Toyland, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Donohue, cast is Tommy Sands, Annette Funicello, Ray Bolger, Ed Wynn, genre is musical. Release year is 1961, title is Bachelor in Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Bob Hope, Lana Turner, Paula Prentiss, Janis Paige, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Back Street, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Susan Hayward, John Gavin, Vera Miles, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Battle at Bloody Beach, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Coleman, cast is Audie Murphy, Dolores Michaels, genre is war. Release year is 1961, title is The Beast of Yucca Flats, ethnicity is American, director is Coleman Francis, cast is Tor Johnson, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1961, title is Beep Prepared, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is voice of Paul Julian, genre is animated. Release year is 1961, title is The Big Bankroll, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is David Janssen, Dianne Foster, Diana Dors, genre is crime. Release year is 1961, title is The Big Gamble, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Stephen Boyd, Juliette Greco, David Wayne, genre is adventure. Release year is 1961, title is The Big Show, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Clark, cast is Esther Williams, Cliff Robertson, Robert Vaughn, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Blast of Silence, ethnicity is American, director is Allen Baron, cast is Allen Baron, Larry Tucker, genre is thriller. Release year is 1961, title is Bloodlust!, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Brooke, cast is Robert Reed, June Kenney, genre is horror. Release year is 1961, title is Blue Hawaii, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Elvis Presley, Joan Blackman, Angela Lansbury, genre is musical. Release year is 1961, title is Breakfast at Tiffany's, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Audrey Hepburn, George Peppard, Buddy Ebsen, Patricia Neal, Martin Balsam, Mickey Rooney, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Bridge to the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Étienne Périer, cast is Carroll Baker, James Shigeta, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is By Love Possessed, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Lana Turner, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., Jason Robards, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Children's Hour, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Shirley MacLaine, James Garner, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Claudelle Inglish, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Diane McBain, Arthur Kennedy, Chad Everett, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is A Cold Wind in August, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Singer, cast is Lola Albright, Scott Marlowe, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Comancheros, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is John Wayne, Stuart Whitman, Ina Balin, genre is western. Release year is 1961, title is Come September, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Rock Hudson, Gina Lollobrigida, Bobby Darin, Sandra Dee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Creature from the Haunted Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Antony Carbone, Betsy Jones-Moreland, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1961, title is Cry for Happy, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Glenn Ford, Donald O'Connor, James Shigeta, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Daffy's Inn Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is voice of Mel Blanc, genre is animated. Release year is 1961, title is The Deadly Companions, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is Maureen O'Hara, Brian Keith, Chill Wills, genre is western. Release year is 1961, title is The Devil at 4 O'Clock, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Spencer Tracy, Frank Sinatra, Grégoire Aslan, genre is disaster. Release year is 1961, title is Diary of a Nudist, ethnicity is American, director is Doris Wishman, cast is Davee Decker, Norman Casserly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Down and Outing, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Deitch, cast is voice of Allen Swift, genre is animated. Release year is 1961, title is El Cid, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Charlton Heston, Sophia Loren, Raf Vallone, Geneviève Page, Herbert Lom, genre is historical epic. Release year is 1961, title is The Errand Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, Brian Donlevy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Everything's Ducky, ethnicity is American, director is Don Taylor, cast is Buddy Hackett, Mickey Rooney, Jackie Cooper, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is The Explosive Generation, ethnicity is American, director is Buzz Kulik, cast is William Shatner, Patty McCormack, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Fanny, ethnicity is American, director is Joshua Logan, cast is Leslie Caron, Charles Boyer, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is A Fever in the Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., Angie Dickinson, Don Ameche, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Fiercest Heart, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Stuart Whitman, Juliet Prowse, Geraldine Fitzgerald, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Five Golden Hours, ethnicity is American, director is Mario Zampi, cast is Ernie Kovacs, Cyd Charisse, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Five Minutes to Live, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Karn, cast is Johnny Cash, Cay Forrester, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Flight That Disappeared, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Craig Hill, Paula Raymond, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Flower Drum Song, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Nancy Kwan, James Shigeta, Jack Soo, Miyoshi Umeki, genre is musical. Release year is 1961, title is Francis of Assisi, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Curtiz, cast is Bradford Dillman, Dolores Hart, Stuart Whitman, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Gidget Goes Hawaiian, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Deborah Walley, James Darren, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Gold of the Seven Saints, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Clint Walker, Roger Moore, genre is adventure. Release year is 1961, title is Goodbye Again, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Ingrid Bergman, Anthony Perkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Great Impostor, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Tony Curtis, Edmond O'Brien, Karl Malden, genre is biography. Release year is 1961, title is Gun Fight, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is James Brown, Joan Staley, genre is western. Release year is 1961, title is Gun Street, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is James Brown, Jean Willes, John Clarke, genre is western. Release year is 1961, title is The Happy Thieves, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Rex Harrison, Rita Hayworth, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Hercules in the Haunted World, ethnicity is American, director is Mario Bava, cast is Reg Park, Christopher Lee, genre is adventure. Release year is 1961, title is Homicidal, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Glenn Corbett, Patricia Breslin, Eugenie Leontovich, genre is suspense. Release year is 1961, title is The Honeymoon Machine, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Steve McQueen, Jim Hutton, Paula Prentiss, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Hoodlum Priest, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Kershner, cast is Don Murray, Keir Dullea, genre is biography. Release year is 1961, title is The Hustler, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is Paul Newman, Jackie Gleason, Piper Laurie, George C. Scott, Myron McCormick, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Judgment at Nuremberg, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Spencer Tracy, Marlene Dietrich, Richard Widmark, Maximilian Schell, Burt Lancaster, William Shatner, Montgomery Clift, Judy Garland, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is King of Kings, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, Robert Ryan, Hurd Hatfield, Rip Torn, Siobhan McKenna, Ron Randell, Rita Gam, genre is biblical drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Ladies Man, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is The Last Sunset, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Rock Hudson, Kirk Douglas, Dorothy Malone, genre is western. Release year is 1961, title is The Last Time I Saw Archie, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Webb, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jack Webb, Martha Hyer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is The Lawbreakers, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Jack Warden, Vera Miles, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew McLaglen, cast is Jimmie Rodgers, Luana Patten, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Look in Any Window, ethnicity is American, director is William Alland, cast is Paul Anka, Gigi Perreau, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Love in a Goldfish Bowl, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Sher, cast is Tommy Sands, Fabian, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Lover Come Back, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Doris Day, Rock Hudson, Tony Randall, Edie Adams, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1961, title is A Majority of One, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Rosalind Russell, Alec Guinness, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Man-Trap, ethnicity is American, director is Edmond O'Brien, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, David Janssen, Stella Stevens, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Mark, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Green, cast is Stuart Whitman, Rod Steiger, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Master of the World, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Vincent Price, Charles Bronson, genre is adventure. Release year is 1961, title is The Misfits, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Clark Gable, Marilyn Monroe, Montgomery Clift, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Morgan, the Pirate, ethnicity is American, director is André de Toth, cast is Steve Reeves, genre is adventure. Release year is 1961, title is Most Dangerous Man Alive, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Dwan, cast is Ron Randell, Debra Paget, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1961, title is Mysterious Island, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Endfield, cast is Gary Merrill, Herbert Lom, Beth Rogan, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1961, title is The Naked Edge, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is Gary Cooper, Deborah Kerr, genre is suspense. Release year is 1961, title is Night Tide, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Harrington, cast is Dennis Hopper, Marjorie Cameron, Linda Lawson, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1961, title is On the Double, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Danny Kaye, Dana Wynter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is One-Eyed Jacks, ethnicity is American, director is Marlon Brando, cast is Marlon Brando, Karl Malden, Katy Jurado, genre is western. Release year is 1961, title is One Hundred and One Dalmatians, ethnicity is American, director is 3 directors, cast is Ben Wright, Betty Lou Gerson, Rod Taylor (voices), genre is animated. Release year is 1961, title is One, Two, Three, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is James Cagney, Horst Bucholtz, Pamela Tiffin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is The Outsider, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Tony Curtis, James Franciscus, Bruce Bennett, genre is biography. Release year is 1961, title is The Parent Trap, ethnicity is American, director is David Swift, cast is Hayley Mills, Brian Keith, Maureen O'Hara, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Paris Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Sidney Poitier, Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is The Phantom Planet, ethnicity is American, director is William Marshall, cast is Coleen Gray, Anthony Dexter, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1961, title is The Pit and the Pendulum, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Vincent Price, John Kerr, genre is horror. Release year is 1961, title is The Pleasure of His Company, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Fred Astaire, Debbie Reynolds, Lilli Palmer, Tab Hunter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Pocketful of Miracles, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Capra, cast is Bette Davis, Glenn Ford, Hope Lange, Peter Falk, Arthur O'Connell, Ann-Margret, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Portrait of a Mobster, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Vic Morrow, Leslie Parrish, genre is crime. Release year is 1961, title is Posse from Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Coleman, cast is Audie Murphy, Lee Van Cleef, Vic Morrow, genre is western. Release year is 1961, title is Question 7, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Michael Gwynn, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is A Raisin in the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Sidney Poitier, Ruby Dee, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Reptilicus, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney W. Pink, cast is Carl Ottosen, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1961, title is Return to Peyton Place, ethnicity is American, director is José Ferrer, cast is Carol Lynley, Jeff Chandler, Eleanor Parker, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Romanoff and Juliet, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Ustinov, cast is John Gavin, Sandra Dee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone, ethnicity is American, director is Jose Quintero, cast is Vivien Leigh, Warren Beatty, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Sail a Crooked Ship, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Brecher, cast is Robert Wagner, Dolores Hart, Ernie Kovacs, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Sanctuary, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Richardson, cast is Lee Remick, Yves Montand, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Second Time Around, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent Sherman, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Steve Forrest, Andy Griffith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is The Secret Ways, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Richard Widmark, Sonja Ziemann, genre is thriller. Release year is 1961, title is Seven Women from Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Webb, cast is Patricia Owens, Denise Darcel, Yvonne Craig, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Sins of Rachel Cade, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Angie Dickinson, Peter Finch, Roger Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Snow White and the Three Stooges, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Lang, cast is Three Stooges, Carol Heiss, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Something Wild, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Garfein, cast is Carroll Baker, Ralph Meeker, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Splendor in the Grass, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Warren Beatty, Natalie Wood, Barbara Loden, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Steel Claw, ethnicity is American, director is George Montgomery, cast is George Montgomery, genre is action. Release year is 1961, title is Stop, Look and Laugh, ethnicity is American, director is Don Appell, Louis Brandt, cast is Three Stooges, Paul Winchell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Susan Slade, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Troy Donahue, Connie Stevens, Dorothy McGuire, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Swingin' Along, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Barton, cast is Peter Marshall, Tommy Noonan, Barbara Eden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is Teenage Millionaire, ethnicity is American, director is Lawrence Doheny, cast is Jimmy Clanton, Diane Jergens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is A Thunder of Drums, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is Richard Boone, George Hamilton, Luana Patten, genre is western. Release year is 1961, title is Too Late Blues, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Bobby Darin, Stella Stevens, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Town Without Pity, ethnicity is American, director is Gottfried Reinhardt, cast is Kirk Douglas, E.G. Marshall, Robert Blake, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Twenty Plus Two, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph M. Newman, cast is David Janssen, Jeanne Crain, Dina Merrill, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is Two Rode Together, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is James Stewart, Richard Widmark, Shirley Jones, genre is western. Release year is 1961, title is Underworld U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Cliff Robertson, Beatrice Kay, genre is film noir. Release year is 1961, title is Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Irwin Allen, cast is Walter Pidgeon, Joan Fontaine, Barbara Eden, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1961, title is War Is Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Topper, cast is Audie Murphy, Judy Dan, genre is war. Release year is 1961, title is West Side Story, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, Jerome Robbins, cast is Richard Beymer, Natalie Wood, Rita Moreno, Russ Tamblyn, George Chakiris, Simon Oakland, genre is musical. Release year is 1961, title is Wild in the Country, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Dunne, cast is Elvis Presley, Tuesday Weld, Hope Lange, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is The Wizard of Baghdad, ethnicity is American, director is George Sherman, cast is Dick Shawn, Diane Baker, genre is comedy. Release year is 1961, title is X-15, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Charles Bronson, Kenneth Tobey, David McLean, Mary Tyler Moore, genre is adventure. Release year is 1961, title is You Have to Run Fast, ethnicity is American, director is Edward L. Cahn, cast is Craig Hill, Grant Richards, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Young Doctors, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Ben Gazzara, Fredric March, Dick Clark, genre is drama. Release year is 1961, title is The Young Savages, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Burt Lancaster, Dina Merrill, Shelley Winters, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is 13 West Street, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Leacock, cast is Alan Ladd, Rod Steiger, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The 300 Spartans, ethnicity is American, director is Rudolph Maté, cast is Richard Egan, Diane Baker, genre is adventure. Release year is 1962, title is 40 Pounds of Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Tony Curtis, Suzanne Pleshette, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Advise & Consent, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Henry Fonda, Charles Laughton, Don Murray, Walter Pidgeon, Gene Tierney, Peter Lawford, George Grizzard, Burgess Meredith, Lew Ayres, Paul Ford, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is All Fall Down, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Eva Marie Saint, Warren Beatty, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Bachelor Flat, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Terry-Thomas, Tuesday Weld, Celeste Holm, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Big Red, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is Walter Pidgeon, genre is family. Release year is 1962, title is Billy Rose's Jumbo, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Doris Day, Jimmy Durante, Stephen Boyd, Martha Raye, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Birdman of Alcatraz, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Burt Lancaster, Karl Malden, Telly Savalas, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Boys' Night Out, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is James Garner, Kim Novak, Tony Randall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is The Brain That Wouldn't Die, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Green, cast is Jason Evers, Virginia Leith, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1962, title is Brushfire, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Warner, Jr., cast is John Ireland, Jo Morrow, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Buddies Thicker Than Water, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Deitch, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1962, title is Cape Fear, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Robert Mitchum, Gregory Peck, Polly Bergen, Telly Savalas, Martin Balsam, Lori Martin, Barrie Chase, genre is film noir. Release year is 1962, title is Carmen Get It!, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Deitch, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated. Release year is 1962, title is Carnival of Souls, ethnicity is American, director is Herk Harvey, cast is Candace Hilligoss, Art Ellison, genre is horror. Release year is 1962, title is The Chapman Report, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Shelley Winters, Jane Fonda, Claire Bloom, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Commies Are Coming, the Commies Are Coming, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is Jack Kelly, Jeanne Cooper, genre is war short. Release year is 1962, title is Convicts 4, ethnicity is American, director is Millard Kaufman, cast is Ben Gazzara, Stuart Whitman, Sammy Davis, Jr., genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Counterfeit Traitor, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is William Holden, Lilli Palmer, Hugh Griffith, genre is war. Release year is 1962, title is The Creation of the Humanoids, ethnicity is American, director is Wesley Barry, cast is Don Megowan, Dudley Manlove, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1962, title is David and Lisa, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Keir Dullea, Janet Margolin, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Days of Wine and Roses, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Jack Lemmon, Lee Remick, Jack Klugman, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Deadly Duo, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Marcia Henderson, Irene Tedrow, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Don't Knock the Twist, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Rudolph, cast is Chubby Checker, Lang Jeffries, genre is musical. Release year is 1962, title is Escape from East Berlin, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Don Murray, Christine Kaufmann, Werner Klemperer, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Experiment in Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Glenn Ford, Lee Remick, Stefanie Powers, Ross Martin, genre is film noir. Release year is 1962, title is FBI Code 98, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie H. Martinson, cast is Jack Kelly, Ray Danton, genre is crime. Release year is 1962, title is Five Finger Exercise, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Rosalind Russell, Jack Hawkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Five Miles to Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Sophia Loren, Anthony Perkins, genre is suspense. Release year is 1962, title is Five Weeks in a Balloon, ethnicity is American, director is Irwin Allen, cast is Red Buttons, Barbara Eden, genre is adventure. Release year is 1962, title is Follow that Dream, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Elvis Presley, Arthur O'Connell, Joanna Moore, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Glenn Ford, Lee J. Cobb, Charles Boyer, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Freud: The Secret Passion, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Montgomery Clift, Susannah York, Larry Parks, genre is biography. Release year is 1962, title is Gay Purr-ee, ethnicity is American, director is Abe Levitow, cast is (voices of) Judy Garland, Robert Goulet, Red Buttons, genre is animated musical. Release year is 1962, title is A Girl Named Tamiko, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Laurence Harvey, France Nuyen, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Girls! Girls! Girls!, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Elvis Presley, Stella Stevens, Laurel Goodwin, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Gypsy, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Rosalind Russell, Karl Malden, Natalie Wood, genre is musical. Release year is 1962, title is Hatari!, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is John Wayne, Red Buttons, Elsa Martinelli, genre is action, comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Hell Is for Heroes, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Steve McQueen, Fess Parker, James Coburn, Bobby Darin, genre is war drama. Release year is 1962, title is Hemingway's Adventures of a Young Man, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Richard Beymer, Diane Baker, Corinne Calvet, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is High Steaks, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Deitch, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1962, title is The Horizontal Lieutenant, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Jim Hutton, Paula Prentiss, Jack Carter, Miyoshi Umeki, Charles McGraw, Jim Backus, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is House of Women, ethnicity is American, director is Crane Wilbur, cast is Shirley Knight, Andrew Duggan, Constance Ford, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is How the West Was Won, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, Henry Hathaway, George Marshall, cast is James Stewart, Debbie Reynolds, Carroll Baker, Karl Malden, Gregory Peck, Richard Widmark, George Peppard, John Wayne, genre is epic western. Release year is 1962, title is If a Man Answers, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Bobby Darin, Sandra Dee, Cesar Romero, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is In Search of the Castaways, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Hayley Mills, Maurice Chevalier, George Sanders, genre is family. Release year is 1962, title is The Inspector, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Dunne, cast is Stephen Boyd, Dolores Hart, Leo McKern, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Interns, ethnicity is American, director is David Swift, cast is Cliff Robertson, Stefanie Powers, Telly Savalas, Michael Callan, James MacArthur, Suzy Parker, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Intruder, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is William Shatner, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is I Thank a Fool, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevens, cast is Susan Hayward, Peter Finch, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is It's Only Money, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Jerry Lewis, Zachary Scott, Joan O'Brien, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Jack the Giant Killer, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan H. Juran, cast is Kerwin Mathews, Torin Thatcher, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1962, title is Jessica, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Angie Dickinson, Maurice Chevalier, Sylvia Koscina, Agnes Moorehead, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Jet Cage, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Looney Tunes, genre is animated short. Release year is 1962, title is Journey to the Seventh Planet, ethnicity is American, director is Sid Pink, cast is John Agar, Greta Thyssen, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1962, title is Kid Galahad, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Elvis Presley, Gig Young, Charles Bronson, Joan Blackman, Lola Albright, Edward Asner, genre is musical drama. Release year is 1962, title is Lawrence of Arabia, ethnicity is American, director is David Lean, cast is Peter O'Toole, Omar Sharif, Anthony Quinn, Alec Guinness, José Ferrer, Arthur Kennedy, Anthony Quayle, Claude Rains, genre is epic, biography. Release year is 1962, title is Light in the Piazza, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Green, cast is Olivia de Havilland, Rossano Brazzi, Barry Sullivan, Yvette Mimieux, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Lion, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Cardiff, cast is William Holden, Trevor Howard, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Lolita, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is James Mason, Sue Lyon, Shelley Winters, Peter Sellers, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1962, title is Lonely Are the Brave, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Kirk Douglas, Walter Matthau, Gena Rowlands, Carroll O'Connor, George Kennedy, genre is western. Release year is 1962, title is The Longest Day, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Annakin, cast is John Wayne, Robert Mitchum, Henry Fonda, Richard Burton, Sean Connery, Robert Ryan, George Segal, Tom Tryon, Peter Lawford, genre is war drama. Release year is 1962, title is Madison Avenue, ethnicity is American, director is H. Bruce Humberstone, cast is Dana Andrews, Eleanor Parker, Jeanne Crain, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Main Attraction, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Pat Boone, Nancy Kwan, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is James Stewart, John Wayne, Lee Marvin, Vera Miles, Edmond O'Brien, Woody Strode, Andy Devine, Strother Martin, Lee Van Cleef, genre is western. Release year is 1962, title is The Manchurian Candidate, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Frank Sinatra, Janet Leigh, Laurence Harvey, Angela Lansbury, Leslie Parrish, James Gregory, Henry Silva, John McGiver, genre is political thriller. Release year is 1962, title is The Manster, ethnicity is American, director is George Breakston, cast is Peter Dyneley, Tetsu Nakamura, Terri Zimmern, Jane Hylton, genre is horror. Release year is 1962, title is Merrill's Marauders, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Jeff Chandler, Ty Hardin, Claude Akins, genre is war. Release year is 1962, title is Moon Pilot, ethnicity is American, director is James Neilson, cast is Tom Tryon, Edmond O'Brien, Dany Saval, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Mouse Into Space, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Deitch, cast is Tom and Jerry, genre is animated short. Release year is 1962, title is Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is James Stewart, Maureen O'Hara, Fabian, Reginald Gardiner, Marie Wilson, John McGiver, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is The Music Man, ethnicity is American, director is Morton DaCosta, cast is Robert Preston, Shirley Jones, Buddy Hackett, Ron Howard, Hermione Gingold, Paul Ford, Susan Luckey, Pert Kelton, genre is musical. Release year is 1962, title is Mutiny on the Bounty, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Milestone, cast is Marlon Brando, Trevor Howard, Richard Harris, Richard Haydn, Hugh Griffith, genre is adventure. Release year is 1962, title is My Geisha, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Cardiff, cast is Shirley MacLaine, Yves Montand, Edward G. Robinson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is No Exit, ethnicity is American, director is Tad Danielewski, cast is Viveca Lindfors, Rita Gam, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is No Man Is an Island, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Goldstone, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Notorious Landlady, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Jack Lemmon, Kim Novak, Fred Astaire, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is The Nun and the Sergeant, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Robert Webber, Anna Sten, genre is war. Release year is 1962, title is Only Two Can Play, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Gilliat, cast is Peter Sellers, Mai Zetterling, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Panic in Year Zero!, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Milland, cast is Ray Milland, Jean Hagen, Frankie Avalon, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1962, title is Period of Adjustment, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Jane Fonda, Tony Franciosa, Jim Hutton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Phaedra, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Melina Mercouri, Anthony Perkins, Raf Vallone, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is The Pigeon That Took Rome, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Charlton Heston, Elsa Martinelli, Harry Guardino, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Premature Burial, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Ray Milland, Hazel Court, Alan Napier, genre is horror. Release year is 1962, title is Pressure Point, ethnicity is American, director is Hubert Cornfield, cast is Sidney Poitier, Bobby Darin, Peter Falk, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Red Nightmare, ethnicity is American, director is George Waggner, cast is Jack Webb, Jack Kelly, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Ride the High Country, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is Joel McCrea, Randolph Scott, Mariette Hartley, James Drury, Warren Oates, R.G. Armstrong, L.Q. Jones, genre is western. Release year is 1962, title is The Road to Hong Kong, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Panama, cast is Bob Hope, Bing Crosby, Joan Collins, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Rome Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Angie Dickinson, Troy Donahue, Suzanne Pleshette, genre is romance. Release year is 1962, title is Satan in High Heels, ethnicity is American, director is Jerald Intrator, cast is Grayson Hall, Meg Myles, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Satan Never Sleeps, ethnicity is American, director is Leo McCarey, cast is William Holden, Clifton Webb, France Nuyen, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Sergeants 3, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis, Jr., Peter Lawford, Joey Bishop, genre is western. Release year is 1962, title is Six Black Horses, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Audie Murphy, Joan O'Brien, genre is western. Release year is 1962, title is Sodom and Gomorrah, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Stewart Granger, Pier Angeli, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Something's Got to Give, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Marilyn Monroe, Dean Martin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is The Spiral Road, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Rock Hudson, Gena Rowlands, Burl Ives, Neva Patterson, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Sweet Bird of Youth, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Paul Newman, Geraldine Page, Ed Begley, Rip Torn, Mildred Dunnock, Shirley Knight, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Tales of Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Basil Rathbone, genre is horror. Release year is 1962, title is Taras Bulba, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Yul Brynner, Tony Curtis, Sam Wanamaker, Christine Kaufmann, Brad Dexter, genre is adventure. Release year is 1962, title is Tender Is the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Henry King, cast is Jennifer Jones, Joan Fontaine, Jason Robards, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is That Touch of Mink, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Cary Grant, Doris Day, Gig Young, Audrey Meadows, John Astin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is The Three Stooges Meet Hercules, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is The Three Stooges in Orbit, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bernds, cast is The Three Stooges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is To Kill a Mockingbird, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Gregory Peck, Mary Badham, Phillip Alford, Robert Duvall, Brock Peters, William Windom, Frank Overton, Paul Fix, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Tonight for Sure, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Karl Schanzer, genre is western. Release year is 1962, title is Too Late Blues, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Bobby Darin, Stella Stevens, Vince Edwards, genre is musical. Release year is 1962, title is Tower of London, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Vincent Price, genre is horror. Release year is 1962, title is The Trial, ethnicity is American, director is Orson Welles, cast is Anthony Perkins, Orson Welles, Jeanne Moreau, Romy Schneider, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Two for the Seesaw, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Robert Mitchum, Shirley MacLaine, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Two Weeks in Another Town, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Kirk Douglas, Edward G. Robinson, Cyd Charisse, Claire Trevor, George Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is Walk on the Wild Side, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Jane Fonda, Barbara Stanwyck, Laurence Harvey, Capucine, genre is drama. Release year is 1962, title is War Hunt, ethnicity is American, director is Denis Sanders, cast is John Saxon, Charles Aidman, Robert Redford, genre is war. Release year is 1962, title is The War Lover, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Leacock, cast is Steve McQueen, Robert Wagner, genre is war. Release year is 1962, title is What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Bette Davis, Joan Crawford, Victor Buono, genre is thriller. Release year is 1962, title is Who's Got the Action?, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Dean Martin, Lana Turner, Walter Matthau, genre is comedy. Release year is 1962, title is Wild Guitar, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Dennis Steckler, cast is Arch Hall, Jr., genre is musical. Release year is 1962, title is The Wild Westerners, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Rudolph, cast is James Philbrook, Nancy Kovack, genre is western. Release year is 1962, title is The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Laurence Harvey, Claire Bloom, Barbara Eden, genre is biography. Release year is 1962, title is Zotz!, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Tom Poston, Jim Backus, Margaret Dumont, genre is sci-fi comedy. Release year is 1963, title is 4 for Texas, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Anita Ekberg, Ursula Andress, Charles Bronson, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1963, title is 55 Days at Peking, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Ray, cast is Charlton Heston, Ava Gardner, David Niven, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Act One, ethnicity is American, director is Dore Schary, cast is George Hamilton, Jason Robards, Jack Klugman, George Segal, genre is biography. Release year is 1963, title is America, America, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Frank Wolff, Stathis Giallelis, Lou Antonio, Joanna Frank, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Atom Age Vampire, ethnicity is American, director is A.G. Majano, cast is Alberto Lupo, Susanne Loret, Sergio Fantoni, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is The Balcony, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Strick, cast is Shelley Winters, Peter Falk, Leonard Nimoy, Ruby Dee, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Beach Party, ethnicity is American, director is William Asher, cast is Robert Cummings, Dorothy Malone, Annette Funicello, Frankie Avalon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is The Birds, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Tippi Hedren, Rod Taylor, Jessica Tandy, Suzanne Pleshette, Veronica Cartwright, genre is suspense. Release year is 1963, title is Blood Feast, ethnicity is American, director is H.G. Lewis, cast is William Kerwin, Mal Arnold, Connie Mason, Scott H. Hall, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is Bye Bye Birdie, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Dick Van Dyke, Ann-Margret, Janet Leigh, Bobby Rydell, Maureen Stapleton, Paul Lynde, Jesse Pearson, Ed Sullivan, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Cairo, ethnicity is American, director is Wolf Rilla, cast is George Sanders, Richard Johnson, genre is crime. Release year is 1963, title is Call Me Bwana, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Bob Hope, Anita Ekberg, Edie Adams, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Captain Newman, M.D., ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Gregory Peck, Angie Dickinson, Tony Curtis, Eddie Albert, Robert Duvall, Larry Storch, Bobby Darin, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is The Cardinal, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Tom Tryon, John Huston, Carol Lynley, Romy Schneider, Ossie Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is The Caretakers, ethnicity is American, director is Hall Bartlett, cast is Joan Crawford, Robert Stack, Polly Bergen, genre is suspense. Release year is 1963, title is Charade, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Cary Grant, Walter Matthau, James Coburn, Ned Glass, George Kennedy, genre is suspense. Release year is 1963, title is A Child Is Waiting, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Burt Lancaster, Judy Garland, Gena Rowlands, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Cleopatra, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Mankiewicz, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Rex Harrison, Roddy McDowall, Martin Landau, Carroll O'Connor, Hume Cronyn, genre is epic. Release year is 1963, title is Come Blow Your Horn, ethnicity is American, director is Bud Yorkin, cast is Frank Sinatra, Tony Bill, Barbara Rush, Jill St. John, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Come Fly with Me, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Dolores Hart, Pamela Tiffin, Lois Nettleton, Hugh O'Brian, genre is romance. Release year is 1963, title is The Comedy of Terrors, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Boris Karloff, Basil Rathbone, genre is comedy horror. Release year is 1963, title is The Courtship of Eddie's Father, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Glenn Ford, Shirley Jones, Stella Stevens, Dina Merrill, Ron Howard, Jerry Van Dyke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is The Crawling Hand, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert L. Strock, cast is Peter Breck, Kent Taylor, Alan Hale, Jr., genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is Critic's Choice, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Bob Hope, Lucille Ball, Marilyn Maxwell, Rip Torn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Cry of Battle, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Lerner, cast is Van Heflin, Rita Moreno, genre is war. Release year is 1963, title is Dementia 13, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is William Campbell, Patrick Magee, genre is thriller. Release year is 1963, title is Diamond Head, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Green, cast is Charlton Heston, Yvette Mimieux, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Diary of a Madman, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Vincent Price, Nancy Kovack, Lewis Martin, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is Donovan's Reef, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is John Wayne, Lee Marvin, Jack Warden, Dorothy Lamour, Elizabeth Allen, Cesar Romero, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Drums of Africa, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Clark, cast is Frankie Avalon, Mariette Hartley, genre is adventure. Release year is 1963, title is Flipper, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Clark, cast is Chuck Connors, Luke Halpin, genre is family. Release year is 1963, title is Follow the Boys, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Connie Francis, Janis Paige, Paula Prentiss, Russ Tamblyn, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1963, title is For Love or Money, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Kirk Douglas, Mitzi Gaynor, Thelma Ritter, Gig Young, Leslie Parrish, Julie Newmar, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Free, White and 21, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Buchanan, cast is Frederick O'Neal, Annalena Lund, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Fun in Acapulco, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Elvis Presley, Ursula Andress, Elsa Cardenas, genre is musical. Release year is 1963, title is A Gathering of Eagles, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Rock Hudson, Rod Taylor, Barry Sullivan, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Gidget Goes to Rome, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Cindy Carol, Don Porter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is The Girl Hunters, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Rowland, cast is Mickey Spillane, Shirley Eaton, genre is mystery. Release year is 1963, title is Goldilocks and the Three Bares, ethnicity is American, director is Herschell Gordon Lewis, cast is Alison Edwards, Rex Marlow, Thomas Sweetwood, Joey Maxim, genre is erotic comedy. Release year is 1963, title is The Great Escape, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Steve McQueen, James Garner, Richard Attenborough, Charles Bronson, James Coburn, James Donald, Donald Pleasence, David McCallum, genre is war. Release year is 1963, title is Gunfight at Comanche Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Audie Murphy, Colleen Miller, genre is western. Release year is 1963, title is The Haunted Palace, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Vincent Price, Debra Paget, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is The Haunting, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Julie Harris, Claire Bloom, Russ Tamblyn, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is The Hook, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Kirk Douglas, Nick Adams, genre is war. Release year is 1963, title is Hud, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Paul Newman, Melvyn Douglas, Patricia Neal, Brandon deWilde, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is I Could Go On Singing, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is Judy Garland, Dirk Bogarde, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is In the Cool of the Day, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevens, cast is Peter Finch, Jane Fonda, Angela Lansbury, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is The Incredible Journey, ethnicity is American, director is Fletcher Markle, cast is Emile Genest, John Drainie, genre is family. Release year is 1963, title is Irma la Douce, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Island of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Morton DaCosta, cast is Robert Preston, Tony Randall, Walter Matthau, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is It Happened at the World's Fair, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Elvis Presley, Gary Lockwood, genre is musical. Release year is 1963, title is It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Spencer Tracy, Milton Berle, Mickey Rooney, Ethel Merman, Sid Caesar, Phil Silvers, Dick Shawn, Terry-Thomas, Edie Adams, Jonathan Winters, Buddy Hackett, Dorothy Provine, Peter Falk, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Jason and the Argonauts, ethnicity is American, director is Don Chaffey, cast is Todd Armstrong, Nancy Kovack, Honor Blackman, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1963, title is Johnny Cool, ethnicity is American, director is William Asher, cast is Henry Silva, Elizabeth Montgomery, Jim Backus, genre is crime. Release year is 1963, title is Kings of the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Yul Brynner, George Chakiris, genre is adventure. Release year is 1963, title is Ladybug Ladybug, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Jane Connell, William Daniels, Nancy Marchand, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Lancelot and Guinevere, ethnicity is American, director is Cornel Wilde, cast is Cornel Wilde, Jean Wallace, genre is romance. Release year is 1963, title is Law of the Lawless, ethnicity is American, director is Wm. Claxton, cast is Dale Robertson, Yvonne de Carlo, genre is western. Release year is 1963, title is Lilies of the Field, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Sidney Poitier, Lilia Skala, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is The List of Adrian Messenger, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is George C. Scott, Dana Wynter, genre is mystery. Release year is 1963, title is The Long Ships, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Cardiff, cast is Richard Widmark, Sidney Poitier, Russ Tamblyn, genre is adventure. Release year is 1963, title is Love Is a Ball, ethnicity is American, director is David Swift, cast is Glenn Ford, Hope Lange, Telly Savalas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Love with the Proper Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Natalie Wood, Steve McQueen, Edie Adams, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Maniac, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Carreras, cast is Kerwin Mathews, Nadia Gray, Donald Houston, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is Mary, Mary, ethnicity is American, director is Mervyn LeRoy, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Barry Nelson, Michael Rennie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Miracle of the White Stallions, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Robert Taylor, Lilli Palmer, Curd Jürgens, genre is war drama. Release year is 1963, title is Move Over, Darling, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Doris Day, James Garner, Polly Bergen, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1963, title is My Six Loves, ethnicity is American, director is Gower Champion, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Cliff Robertson, David Janssen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is A New Kind of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, Eva Gabor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is The Nutty Professor, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, Stella Stevens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Of Love and Desire, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rush, cast is Merle Oberon, Steve Cochran, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is One Man's Way, ethnicity is American, director is Denis Sanders, cast is Don Murray, Diana Hyland, Carol Ohmart, William Windom, Veronica Cartwright, Virginia Sale, genre is biography. Release year is 1963, title is Operation Bikini, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Carras, cast is Tab Hunter, Frankie Avalon, Jim Backus, Gary Crosby, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is PT 109, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie H. Martinson, cast is Cliff Robertson, Robert Culp, Robert Blake, genre is biography, war. Release year is 1963, title is Palm Springs Weekend, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Troy Donahue, Stefanie Powers, Connie Stevens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Papa's Delicate Condition, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Jackie Gleason, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is The Pink Panther, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is David Niven, Peter Sellers, Robert Wagner, Capucine, Claudia Cardinale, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1963, title is The Prize, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Paul Newman, Edward G. Robinson, Elke Sommer, Kevin McCarthy, Diane Baker, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Promises! Promises!, ethnicity is American, director is King Donovan, cast is Jayne Mansfield, Tommy Noonan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Rampage, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jack Hawkins, Elsa Martinelli, genre is adventure. Release year is 1963, title is The Raven, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Vincent Price, Boris Karloff, Peter Lorre, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is The Sadist, ethnicity is American, director is James Landis, cast is Arch Hall, Jr., genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1963, title is Shock Corridor, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Peter Breck, Constance Towers, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Showdown, ethnicity is American, director is R.G. Springsteen, cast is Audie Murphy, Kathleen Crowley, genre is western. Release year is 1963, title is The Skydivers, ethnicity is American, director is Coleman Francis, cast is Anthony Cardoza, Jimmy Bryant, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Slime People, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Hutton, cast is Robert Hutton, Susan Hart, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is Sodom and Gomorrah, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Stewart Granger, Anouk Aimée, Pier Angeli, genre is epic. Release year is 1963, title is Soldier in the Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Jackie Gleason, Steve McQueen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Son of Flubber, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Fred MacMurray, Nancy Olson, Tommy Kirk, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Spencer's Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is Henry Fonda, Maureen O'Hara, genre is family. Release year is 1963, title is The Stripper, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is Joanne Woodward, Richard Beymer, Claire Trevor, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Summer Magic, ethnicity is American, director is James Neilson, cast is Hayley Mills, Burl Ives, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Sunday in New York, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Tewksbury, cast is Jane Fonda, Rod Taylor, Cliff Robertson, Robert Culp, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1963, title is The Sword in the Stone, ethnicity is American, director is Wolfgang Reitherman, cast is voices of Sebastian Cabot, Karl Swenson, genre is animated. Release year is 1963, title is Tarzan's Three Challenges, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Day, cast is Jock Mahoney, Woody Strode, genre is adventure. Release year is 1963, title is The Terror, ethnicity is American, director is 5 directors, cast is Boris Karloff, Jack Nicholson, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is They Saved Hitler's Brain, ethnicity is American, director is David Bradley, cast is Walter Stocker, Carlos Rivas, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1963, title is The Three Stooges Go Around the World in a Daze, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Maurer, cast is Three Stooges, Joan Freeman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is The Thrill of It All, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Doris Day, James Garner, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Thunder Island, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Leewood, cast is Gene Nelson, Fay Spain, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is A Ticklish Affair, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Shirley Jones, Gig Young, Red Buttons, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Toys in the Attic, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Dean Martin, Geraldine Page, Yvette Mimieux, Wendy Hiller, Gene Tierney, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Transylvania 6-5000, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is voices of Mel Blanc, Ben Frommer, Julie Bennett, genre is animated. Release year is 1963, title is Twice-Told Tales, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Vincent Price, Sebastian Cabot, Beverly Garland, genre is horror. Release year is 1963, title is Twilight of Honor, ethnicity is American, director is Boris Sagal, cast is Richard Chamberlain, Nick Adams, Joey Heatherton, Joan Blackman, Claude Rains, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is The Ugly American, ethnicity is American, director is George Englund, cast is Marlon Brando, Sandra Church, Eiji Okada, Jocelyn Brando, Arthur Hill, Pat Hingle, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Under the Yum Yum Tree, ethnicity is American, director is David Swift, cast is Jack Lemmon, Carol Lynley, Dean Jones, Edie Adams, Imogene Coca, Paul Lynde, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Violated Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Marion Gering, cast is Kazuko Mine, genre is travel. Release year is 1963, title is The V.I.P.s, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Asquith, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Rod Taylor, Maggie Smith, Louis Jourdan, Margaret Rutherford, Elsa Martinelli, Orson Welles, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is Wall of Noise, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wilson, cast is Suzanne Pleshette, Dorothy Provine, genre is drama. Release year is 1963, title is The Wheeler Dealers, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is James Garner, Lee Remick, Chill Wills, Jim Backus, Pat Crowley, Phil Harris, Louis Nye, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Who's Been Sleeping in My Bed?, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Dean Martin, Elizabeth Montgomery, Carol Burnett, Richard Conte, Martin Balsam, Jill St. John, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Who's Minding the Store?, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Jerry Lewis, Jill St. John, Agnes Moorehead, Ray Walston, Kathleen Freeman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1963, title is Wives and Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is John Rich, cast is Janet Leigh, Van Johnson, genre is romance. Release year is 1963, title is The Yellow Canary, ethnicity is American, director is Buzz Kulik, cast is Pat Boone, Barbara Eden, Steve Forrest, genre is crime. Release year is 1963, title is The Young and the Brave, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is Rory Calhoun, William Bendix, genre is war. Release year is 1963, title is The Young Swingers, ethnicity is American, director is Maury Dexter, cast is Molly Bee, Rod Lauren, genre is musical. Release year is 1964, title is 3 Nuts in Search of a Bolt, ethnicity is American, director is Tommy Noonan, cast is Mamie Van Doren, Tommy Noonan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is 633 Squadron, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Grauman, cast is Cliff Robertson, George Chakiris, Maria Perschy, genre is war. Release year is 1964, title is 7 Faces of Dr. Lao, ethnicity is American, director is George Pal, cast is Tony Randall, Arthur O'Connell, Barbara Eden, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1964, title is Advance to the Rear, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Glenn Ford, Stella Stevens, Melvyn Douglas, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is The Americanization of Emily, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Julie Andrews, James Garner, James Coburn, Melvyn Douglas, genre is war, satire. Release year is 1964, title is Becket, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Glenville, cast is Richard Burton, Peter O'Toole, John Gielgud, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Bedtime Story, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Levy, cast is Marlon Brando, David Niven, Shirley Jones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Behold a Pale Horse, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Gregory Peck, Omar Sharif, Anthony Quinn, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Best Man, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is Henry Fonda, Cliff Robertson, Lee Tracy, Edie Adams, Ann Sothern, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Bikini Beach, ethnicity is American, director is William Asher, cast is Frankie Avalon, Annette Funicello, Martha Hyer, Don Rickles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Black Like Me, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Lerner, cast is James Whitmore, Sorrell Booke, Roscoe Lee Browne, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Blood on the Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Dale Robertson, Martha Hyer, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is The Brass Bottle, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Keller, cast is Tony Randall, Burl Ives, Barbara Eden, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1964, title is Bullet for a Badman, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Audie Murphy, Darren McGavin, Ruta Lee, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is Carol for Another Christmas, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Peter Sellers, Sterling Hayden, Britt Ekland, Robert Shaw, Ben Gazzara, Eva Marie Saint, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Carpetbaggers, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is George Peppard, Carroll Baker, Alan Ladd, Elizabeth Ashley, Robert Cummings, Martha Hyer, Martin Balsam, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Cheyenne Autumn, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Richard Widmark, Carroll Baker, James Stewart, Edward G. Robinson, Arthur Kennedy, Dolores del Río, Sal Mineo, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is Circus World, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is John Wayne, Rita Hayworth, Claudia Cardinale, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Comedy of Terrors, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Boris Karloff, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Crack in the World, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Dana Andrews, Janette Scott, Kieron Moore, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1964, title is The Creeping Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur J. Nelson, cast is Vic Savage, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1964, title is Dark Purpose, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Shirley Jones, George Sanders, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Dead Ringer, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Henreid, cast is Bette Davis, Karl Malden, Peter Lawford, genre is horror. Release year is 1964, title is Dear Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Glenn Ford, Geraldine Page, Angela Lansbury, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Devil Doll, ethnicity is American, director is Lindsay Shonteff, cast is Bryant Haliday, William Sylvester, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Disorderly Orderly, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Jerry Lewis, Susan Oliver, Glenda Farrell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is A Distant Trumpet, ethnicity is American, director is Raoul Walsh, cast is Troy Donahue, Suzanne Pleshette, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is Peter Sellers, George C. Scott, Sterling Hayden, Keenan Wynn, Slim Pickens, James Earl Jones, genre is comedy, satire. Release year is 1964, title is Dumb Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is Gerry Chiniquy, cast is Yosemite Sam, genre is animated. Release year is 1964, title is Ensign Pulver, ethnicity is American, director is Joshua Logan, cast is Robert Walker, Jr., Burl Ives, Walter Matthau, Larry Hagman, Peter Marshall, James Coco, Jack Nicholson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is The Eyes of Annie Jones, ethnicity is American, director is Reginald Le Borg, cast is Richard Conte, Francesca Annis, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Face of the Screaming Werewolf, ethnicity is American, director is 3 Directors, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., genre is horror. Release year is 1964, title is Fail-Safe, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Henry Fonda, Walter Matthau, Fritz Weaver, Frank Overton, Dan O'Herlihy, Larry Hagman, genre is thriller. Release year is 1964, title is The Fall of the Roman Empire, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Sophia Loren, James Mason, Stephen Boyd, Christopher Plummer, Anthony Quayle, Mel Ferrer, Omar Sharif, John Ireland, genre is epic. Release year is 1964, title is False Hare, ethnicity is American, director is Robert McKimson, cast is Bugs Bunny, genre is animated. Release year is 1964, title is Fate Is the Hunter, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Glenn Ford, Rod Taylor, Nancy Kwan, Suzanne Pleshette, Constance Towers, Jane Russell, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Father Goose, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Cary Grant, Leslie Caron, Trevor Howard, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1964, title is First Men in the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Edward Judd, Martha Hyer, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1964, title is The Flesh Eaters, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Curtis, cast is Martin Kosleck, genre is horror. Release year is 1964, title is Flight from Ashiya, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is Yul Brynner, Richard Widmark, George Chakiris, genre is war. Release year is 1964, title is Flight to Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Monte Hellman, cast is Jack Nicholson, Dewey Martin, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is For Those Who Think Young, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie H. Martinson, cast is Pamela Tiffin, James Darren, Bob Denver, Nancy Sinatra, Tina Louise, Ellen Burstyn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Get Yourself a College Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Miller, cast is Mary Ann Mobley, Chad Everett, Nancy Sinatra, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is A Global Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Bob Hope, Michele Mercier, Yvonne De Carlo, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Good Neighbor Sam, ethnicity is American, director is David Swift, cast is Jack Lemmon, Romy Schneider, Edward G. Robinson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Goodbye Charlie, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Tony Curtis, Debbie Reynolds, Pat Boone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Hey There, It's Yogi Bear!, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Barbera and William Hanna, cast is Yogi Bear, genre is animated feature. Release year is 1964, title is A House Is Not a Home, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Rouse, cast is Shelley Winters, Robert Taylor, Cesar Romero, Broderick Crawford, Kaye Ballard, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Hush… Hush, Sweet Charlotte, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Bette Davis, Olivia de Havilland, Joseph Cotten, Agnes Moorehead, Mary Astor, George Kennedy, genre is thriller. Release year is 1964, title is The Incredible Mr. Limpet, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Don Knotts, Jack Weston, Carole Cook, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Dennis Steckler, cast is Ray Dennis Steckler, genre is horror musical. Release year is 1964, title is Invitation to a Gunfighter, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wilson, cast is Yul Brynner, Janice Rule, George Segal, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is Island of the Blue Dolphins, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Clark, cast is Celia Kaye, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Killers, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Lee Marvin, Angie Dickinson, John Cassavetes, Ronald Reagan, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1964, title is Kiss Me Quick!, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Perry, cast is Frank Coe, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1964, title is Kiss Me, Stupid, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Dean Martin, Kim Novak, Ray Walston, Cliff Osmond, Felicia Farr, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Kisses for My President, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Bernhardt, cast is Polly Bergen, Fred MacMurray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Kissin' Cousins, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Nelson, cast is Elvis Presley, Yvonne Craig, genre is musical. Release year is 1964, title is Kitten with a Whip, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Heyes, cast is Ann-Margret, John Forsythe, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Last Man on Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Ubaldo Ragona Sidney Salkow, cast is Vincent Price, Franca Bettoia, Emma Danieli, Giacomo Rossi-Stuart, genre is sci-fi, horror. Release year is 1964, title is Lilith, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Rossen, cast is Warren Beatty, Jean Seberg, Peter Fonda, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Looking for Love, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Connie Francis, Paula Prentiss, Johnny Carson, genre is musical. Release year is 1964, title is Lorna, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Lorna Maitland, genre is sexploitation. Release year is 1964, title is Mail Order Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Buddy Ebsen, Keir Dullea, Lois Nettleton, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is Man in the Middle, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Hamilton, cast is Robert Mitchum, France Nuyen, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Marnie, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Sean Connery, Tippi Hedren, Diane Baker, genre is suspense. Release year is 1964, title is Mary Poppins, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke, genre is musical, fantasy. Release year is 1964, title is The Masque of the Red Death, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Vincent Price, Hazel Court, genre is horror. Release year is 1964, title is McHale's Navy, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Montagne, cast is Ernest Borgnine, Tim Conway, Joe Flynn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is The Misadventures of Merlin Jones, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Annette Funicello, Tommy Kirk, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Monstrosity, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph V. Mascelli, cast is Marjorie Eaton, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1964, title is The Moon-Spinners, ethnicity is American, director is James Neilson, cast is Hayley Mills, Eli Wallach, Pola Negri, genre is family. Release year is 1964, title is My Fair Lady, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Rex Harrison, Wilfrid Hyde-White, Stanley Holloway, genre is musical. Release year is 1964, title is The Naked Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Constance Towers, Anthony Eisley, genre is neo-noir. Release year is 1964, title is The New Interns, ethnicity is American, director is John Rich, cast is Michael Callan, Dean Jones, Telly Savalas, Barbara Eden, Inger Stevens, George Segal, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Night of the Iguana, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Richard Burton, Ava Gardner, Deborah Kerr, Sue Lyon, Grayson Hall, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Nothing But a Man, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Roemer, cast is Ivan Dixon, Yaphet Kotto, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is One Potato, Two Potato, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Peerce, cast is Barbara Barrie, Bernie Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Outrage, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Paul Newman, Laurence Harvey, Edward G. Robinson, Claire Bloom, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is Pajama Party, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Annette Funicello, Tommy Kirk, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Paris, When It Sizzles, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Audrey Hepburn, William Holden, genre is romance. Release year is 1964, title is The Patsy, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, Ina Balin, Everett Sloane, Phil Harris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is The Pawnbroker, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Rod Steiger, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Brock Peters, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Pleasure Seekers, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Ann-Margret, Pamela Tiffin, Carol Lynley, genre is romance. Release year is 1964, title is Quick, Before It Melts, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Robert Morse, George Maharis, Anjanette Comer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is The Quick Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Audie Murphy, Merry Anders, James Best, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is Rhino!, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Tors, cast is Robert Culp, Harry Guardino, Shirley Eaton, genre is adventure. Release year is 1964, title is Ride the Wild Surf, ethnicity is American, director is Don Taylor, cast is Fabian, Shelley Fabares, Tab Hunter, genre is romance. Release year is 1964, title is Rio Conchos, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Stuart Whitman, Richard Boone, Tony Franciosa, Edmond O'Brien, Jim Brown, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is Robin and the 7 Hoods, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis, Jr., Barbara Rush, Peter Falk, Bing Crosby, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Robinson Crusoe on Mars, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Adam West, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1964, title is Roustabout, ethnicity is American, director is John Rich, cast is Elvis Presley, Barbara Stanwyck, genre is musical. Release year is 1964, title is Santa Claus Conquers the Martians, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Webster, cast is John Call, Pia Zadora, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1964, title is The Secret Invasion, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Stewart Granger, Raf Vallone, Mickey Rooney, genre is war. Release year is 1964, title is Send Me No Flowers, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Rock Hudson, Doris Day, Tony Randall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Seven Days in May, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Kirk Douglas, Burt Lancaster, Fredric March, Ava Gardner, Edmond O'Brien, Martin Balsam, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Sex and the College Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Adler, cast is Charles Grodin, Julie Sommars, Valora Noland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Sex and the Single Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Tony Curtis, Natalie Wood, Henry Fonda, Mel Ferrer, Leslie Parrish, Lauren Bacall, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Shock Treatment, ethnicity is American, director is Denis Sanders, cast is Lauren Bacall, Stuart Whitman, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Signpost to Murder, ethnicity is American, director is George Englund, cast is Joanne Woodward, Stuart Whitman, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is A Shot in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Peter Sellers, Elke Sommer, George Sanders, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Stage to Thunder Rock, ethnicity is American, director is Wm. Claxton, cast is Barry Sullivan, Marilyn Maxwell, John Agar, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is The Starfighters, ethnicity is American, director is Will Zens, cast is Bob Dorman, genre is war. Release year is 1964, title is Strait-Jacket, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Joan Crawford, Diane Baker, George Kennedy, genre is thriller. Release year is 1964, title is The Strangler, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Topper, cast is Victor Buono, genre is thriller. Release year is 1964, title is Surf Party, ethnicity is American, director is Maury Dexter, cast is Patricia Morrow, Bobby Vinton, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Taggart, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Tony Young, Dan Duryea, Dick Foran, Elsa Cárdenas, Jean Hale, genre is western. Release year is 1964, title is The Thin Red Line, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Keir Dullea, Jack Warden, genre is war. Release year is 1964, title is The Third Secret, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Crichton, cast is Stephen Boyd, Richard Attenborough, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Three Lives of Thomasina, ethnicity is American, director is Don Chaffey, cast is Patrick McGoohan, Karen Dotrice, genre is family. Release year is 1964, title is A Tiger Walks, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is Brian Keith, Vera Miles, Sabu, genre is family. Release year is 1964, title is Time Travelers, ethnicity is American, director is Ib Melchior, cast is Preston Foster, Merry Anders, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1964, title is The Tomb of Ligeia, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Vincent Price, Elizabeth Shepherd, genre is horror. Release year is 1964, title is To Trap a Spy, ethnicity is American, director is Don Medford, cast is Robert Vaughn, David McCallum, genre is spy drama. Release year is 1964, title is Topkapi, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Melina Mercouri, Peter Ustinov, Maximilian Schell, genre is crime. Release year is 1964, title is The Train, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Burt Lancaster, Paul Scofield, Jeanne Moreau, genre is war drama. Release year is 1964, title is Two Thousand Maniacs!, ethnicity is American, director is H.G. Lewis, cast is Connie Mason, genre is slasher. Release year is 1964, title is The Unsinkable Molly Brown, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Harve Presnell, Jack Kruschen, Ed Begley, Hermione Baddeley, genre is musical. Release year is 1964, title is The Visit, ethnicity is American, director is Bernhard Wicki, cast is Ingrid Bergman, Anthony Quinn, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Viva Las Vegas, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Elvis Presley, Ann-Margret, genre is musical. Release year is 1964, title is What a Way to Go!, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Shirley MacLaine, Dean Martin, Paul Newman, Robert Mitchum, Robert Cummings, Dick Van Dyke, Gene Kelly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Where Love Has Gone, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Susan Hayward, Bette Davis, Joey Heatherton, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The World of Henry Orient, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Peter Sellers, Paula Prentiss, Angela Lansbury, Phyllis Thaxter, Tom Bosley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1964, title is Youngblood Hawke, ethnicity is American, director is Delmer Daves, cast is James Franciscus, Suzanne Pleshette, Eva Gabor, Genevieve Page, Mary Astor, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is The Young Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Goldwyn, Jr., cast is Peter Fonda, Sharon Hugueny, genre is drama. Release year is 1964, title is Your Cheatin' Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Nelson, cast is George Hamilton, Susan Oliver, Red Buttons, genre is musical, biography. Release year is 1965, title is 36 Hours, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is James Garner, Rod Taylor, Eva Marie Saint, genre is war drama. Release year is 1965, title is The Agony and the Ecstasy, ethnicity is American, director is Carol Reed, cast is Rex Harrison, Charlton Heston, Diane Cilento, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1965, title is The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders, ethnicity is American, director is Terence Young, cast is Kim Novak, Richard Johnson, Angela Lansbury, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Apache Uprising, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Rory Calhoun, Corinne Calvet, John Russell, genre is western. Release year is 1965, title is The Art of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Dick Van Dyke, James Garner, Elke Sommer, Angie Dickinson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Baby the Rain Must Fall, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Steve McQueen, Lee Remick, Don Murray, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Bad Girls Go to Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Doris Wishman, cast is Gigi Darlene, George La Rocque, genre is sexploitation. Release year is 1965, title is Battle of the Bulge, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Annakin, cast is Henry Fonda, Dana Andrews, Robert Shaw, Robert Ryan, Ty Hardin, Pier Angeli, Telly Savalas, Charles Bronson, genre is war drama. Release year is 1965, title is Beach Blanket Bingo, ethnicity is American, director is William Asher, cast is Frankie Avalon, Annette Funicello, Paul Lynde, Don Rickles, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1965, title is The Bedford Incident, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Harris, cast is Richard Widmark, Sidney Poitier, Martin Balsam, Wally Cox, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Billie, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Patty Duke, Jim Backus, Jane Greer, genre is musical. Release year is 1965, title is Black Spurs, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Rory Calhoun, Terry Moore, Linda Darnell, genre is western. Release year is 1965, title is Bloody Pit of Horror, ethnicity is American, director is Massimo Pupillo, cast is Mickey Hargitay, Walter Bigari, Luisa Baratto, genre is horror. Release year is 1965, title is Boeing Boeing, ethnicity is American, director is John Rich, cast is Tony Curtis, Jerry Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Brainstorm, ethnicity is American, director is William Conrad, cast is Anne Francis, Dana Andrews, Jeffrey Hunter, genre is suspense. Release year is 1965, title is Bus Riley's Back in Town, ethnicity is American, director is Harvey Hart, cast is Ann-Margret, Michael Parks, Kim Darby, Janet Margolin, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Cat Ballou, ethnicity is American, director is Elliot Silverstein, cast is Jane Fonda, Lee Marvin, Dwayne Hickman, Michael Callan, Nat King Cole, Stubby Kaye, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1965, title is The Cincinnati Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Steve McQueen, Ann-Margret, Edward G. Robinson, Karl Malden, Tuesday Weld, Rip Torn, Cab Calloway, Joan Blondell, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is City Under the Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Jacques Tourneur, cast is Vincent Price, Tab Hunter, Susan Hart, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1965, title is Clarence, the Cross-Eyed Lion, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Marshall Thompson, Betsy Drake, genre is family. Release year is 1965, title is The Collector, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Terence Stamp, Samantha Eggar, Mona Washbourne, genre is thriller. Release year is 1965, title is Crack in the World, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Dana Andrews, Janette Scott, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Dear Brigitte, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is James Stewart, Fabian, Ed Wynn, Bill Mumy, Brigitte Bardot, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Die, Monster, Die!, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Haller, cast is Boris Karloff, Nick Adams, Suzan Farmer, genre is horror. Release year is 1965, title is The Dirty Game, ethnicity is American, director is 4 directors, cast is Henry Fonda, Robert Ryan, genre is spy anthology. Release year is 1965, title is Doctor Zhivago, ethnicity is American, director is David Lean, cast is Omar Sharif, Julie Christie, Rod Steiger, Geraldine Chaplin, Tom Courtenay, Alec Guinness, genre is drama, epic. Release year is 1965, title is Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Vincent Price, Frankie Avalon, Dwayne Hickman, Susan Hart, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is The Family Jewels, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, Sebastian Cabot, Donna Butterworth, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Tura Satana, Haji, Lori Williams, genre is sexploitation. Release year is 1965, title is The Flight of the Phoenix, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is James Stewart, Peter Finch, Richard Attenborough, Hardy Kruger, Dan Duryea, George Kennedy, Ernest Borgnine, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Genghis Khan, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Omar Sharif, James Mason, Eli Wallach, genre is adventure. Release year is 1965, title is Girl Happy, ethnicity is American, director is Boris Sagal, cast is Elvis Presley, Shelley Fabares, Mary Ann Mobley, genre is musical. Release year is 1965, title is The Great Race, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Tony Curtis, Natalie Wood, Jack Lemmon, Peter Falk, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is The Great Sioux Massacre, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Salkow, cast is Joseph Cotten, Darren McGavin, Julie Sommars, genre is western. Release year is 1965, title is Harlow, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Carroll Baker, Raf Vallone, Angela Lansbury, Peter Lawford, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1965, title is Harlow, ethnicity is American, director is Alex Segal, cast is Carol Lynley, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., Ginger Rogers, genre is biography. Release year is 1965, title is Having a Wild Weekend, ethnicity is American, director is John Boorman, cast is The Dave Clark Five, genre is musical. Release year is 1965, title is The Heroes of Telemark, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Mann, cast is Kirk Douglas, Richard Harris, Michael Redgrave, genre is war drama. Release year is 1965, title is A High Wind in Jamaica, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander MacKendrick, cast is Anthony Quinn, Lila Kedrova, James Coburn, genre is adventure. Release year is 1965, title is The Hill, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Sean Connery, Ian Bannen, Ossie Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is How to Murder Your Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Jack Lemmon, Terry-Thomas, Virna Lisi, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is The Human Duplicators, ethnicity is American, director is Hugo Grimaldi, cast is George Nader, Barbara Nichols, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1965, title is I Saw What You Did, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Joan Crawford, John Ireland, genre is thriller. Release year is 1965, title is I'll Take Sweden, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick de Cordova, cast is Bob Hope, Tuesday Weld, Frankie Avalon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is In Harm's Way, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, Patricia Neal, Henry Fonda, Brandon deWilde, Paula Prentiss, Burgess Meredith, Carroll O'Connor, Tom Tryon, Dana Andrews, George Kennedy, genre is war drama. Release year is 1965, title is Inside Daisy Clover, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Natalie Wood, Robert Redford, Christopher Plummer, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Joy in the Morning, ethnicity is American, director is Alex Segal, cast is Richard Chamberlain, Yvette Mimieux, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is King Rat, ethnicity is American, director is Bryan Forbes, cast is George Segal, Tom Courtenay, James Fox, genre is war drama. Release year is 1965, title is Life at the Top, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Kotcheff, cast is Laurence Harvey, Jean Simmons, Honor Blackman, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Love Has Many Faces, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Singer, cast is Lana Turner, Cliff Robertson, Hugh O'Brian, Ruth Roman, Stefanie Powers, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is The Loved One, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Richardson, cast is Robert Morse, Jonathan Winters, John Gielgud, Liberace, Milton Berle, Tab Hunter, Rod Steiger, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Major Dundee, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is Charlton Heston, Richard Harris, James Coburn, genre is western. Release year is 1965, title is Mara of the Wilderness, ethnicity is American, director is Frank McDonald, cast is Adam West, Lori Saunders, genre is adventure. Release year is 1965, title is Marriage on the Rocks, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Donohue, cast is Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Deborah Kerr, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Mickey One, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Warren Beatty, Franchot Tone, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Mirage, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Gregory Peck, Diane Baker, Walter Matthau, genre is thriller. Release year is 1965, title is Mister Moses, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is Robert Mitchum, Carroll Baker, genre is adventure. Release year is 1965, title is The Monkey's Uncle, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Annette Funicello, Tommy Kirk, Arthur O'Connell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is The Money Trap, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Glenn Ford, Elke Sommer, Rita Hayworth, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Monster A Go-Go, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Rebane, cast is June Travis, Phil Morton, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1965, title is Morituri, ethnicity is American, director is Bernhard Wicki, cast is Marlon Brando, Yul Brynner, Wally Cox, Janet Margolin, genre is action. Release year is 1965, title is Motorpsycho, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Haji, Alex Rocco, genre is action. Release year is 1965, title is Mudhoney, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Lorna Maitland, Hal Hopper, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is The Naked Prey, ethnicity is American, director is Cornel Wilde, cast is Cornel Wilde, Ken Gampu, genre is adventure. Release year is 1965, title is Never Too Late, ethnicity is American, director is Bud Yorkin, cast is Paul Ford, Maureen O'Sullivan, Connie Stevens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Nightmare in the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is John Derek, cast is John Derek, Ursula Andress, Sammy Davis, Jr., genre is crime drama. Release year is 1965, title is None But The Brave, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Sinatra, cast is Frank Sinatra, Tatsuya Mihashi, Clint Walker, Tommy Sands, Brad Dexter, Tony Bill, genre is war drama. Release year is 1965, title is Once a Thief, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Alain Delon, Ann-Margret, Van Heflin, Jack Palance, genre is crime. Release year is 1965, title is A Patch of Blue, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Green, cast is Sidney Poitier, Elizabeth Hartman, Shelley Winters, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Promise Her Anything, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Warren Beatty, Leslie Caron, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is A Rage to Live, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Grauman, cast is Suzanne Pleshette, Bradford Dillman, Ben Gazzara, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Red Line 7000, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is James Caan, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Ride in the Whirlwind, ethnicity is American, director is Monte Hellman, cast is Jack Nicholson, Millie Perkins, Harry Dean Stanton, genre is western. Release year is 1965, title is The Rounders, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Henry Fonda, Glenn Ford, Chill Wills, Sue Ane Langdon, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1965, title is The Sandpiper, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Eva Marie Saint, Robert Webber, Charles Bronson, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Sands of the Kalahari, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Endfield, cast is Stuart Whitman, Stanley Baker, genre is adventure. Release year is 1965, title is The Satan Bug, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is George Maharis, Anne Francis, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1965, title is The Secret of My Success, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew L. Stone, cast is Shirley Jones, Stella Stevens, Honor Blackman, James Booth, Lionel Jeffries, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Sergeant Deadhead, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Frankie Avalon, Deborah Walley, Cesar Romero, genre is musical. Release year is 1965, title is Shenandoah, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is James Stewart, Doug McClure, Katharine Ross, Glenn Corbett, Rosemary Forsyth, genre is war, drama. Release year is 1965, title is Ship of Fools, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Vivien Leigh, Simone Signoret, Lee Marvin, José Ferrer, Oskar Werner, Elizabeth Ashley, George Segal, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Situation Hopeless... But Not Serious, ethnicity is American, director is Gottfried Reinhardt, cast is Alec Guinness, Mike Connors, Robert Redford, genre is pow comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Ski Party, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rafkin, cast is Frankie Avalon, Dwayne Hickman, Yvonne Craig, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1965, title is The Slender Thread, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Sidney Poitier, Anne Bancroft, Telly Savalas, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is The Sons of Katie Elder, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is John Wayne, Dean Martin, Earl Holliman, George Kennedy, James Gregory, Martha Hyer, genre is western. Release year is 1965, title is The Sound of Music, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Julie Andrews, Christopher Plummer, Peggy Wood, Eleanor Parker, Richard Haydn, genre is musical, family. Release year is 1965, title is The Spy Who Came in from the Cold, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Richard Burton, Claire Bloom, Oskar Werner, Sam Wanamaker, Cyril Cusack, genre is spy drama. Release year is 1965, title is Strange Bedfellows, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, cast is Rock Hudson, Gina Lollobrigida, Gig Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Sylvia, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Carroll Baker, George Maharis, Peter Lawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Synanon, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Edmond O'Brien, Chuck Connors, Stella Stevens, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is That Darn Cat!, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Hayley Mills, Dean Jones, Dorothy Provine, genre is family, comedy. Release year is 1965, title is That Funny Feeling, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Sandra Dee, Bobby Darin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is The Third Day, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is George Peppard, Elizabeth Ashley, Roddy McDowall, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Those Calloways, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is Brian Keith, Vera Miles, Brandon De Wilde, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is A Thousand Clowns, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Coe, cast is Jason Robards, Martin Balsam, Barbara Harris, William Daniels, Barry Gordon, Gene Saks, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1965, title is Tickle Me, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Elvis Presley, Julie Adams, Jocelyn Lane, genre is musical. Release year is 1965, title is The Truth About Spring, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Thorpe, cast is Hayley Mills, John Mills, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is Two on a Guillotine, ethnicity is American, director is William Conrad, cast is Connie Stevens, Cesar Romero, Dean Jones, genre is horror. Release year is 1965, title is Up from the Beach, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Parrish, cast is Cliff Robertson, Red Buttons, Irina Demick, genre is war. Release year is 1965, title is A Very Special Favor, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Rock Hudson, Leslie Caron, Charles Boyer, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Von Ryan's Express, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Frank Sinatra, Trevor Howard, genre is war. Release year is 1965, title is The War Lord, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is Charlton Heston, Richard Boone, Rosemary Forsyth, genre is historical. Release year is 1965, title is What's New Pussycat?, ethnicity is American, director is Clive Donner, cast is Peter Sellers, Peter O'Toole, Paula Prentiss, Romy Schneider, Woody Allen, Capucine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Wild on the Beach, ethnicity is American, director is Maury Dexter, cast is Frankie Randall, Sherry Jackson, Cher, Sonny Bono, genre is comedy. Release year is 1965, title is Wild Seed, ethnicity is American, director is Brian G. Hutton, cast is Michael Parks, Celia Kaye, genre is drama. Release year is 1965, title is The World of Abbott and Costello, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Miller, cast is Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, genre is compilation. Release year is 1965, title is Young Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Christian Nyby, cast is Rory Calhoun, Virginia Mayo, genre is western. Release year is 1965, title is Zebra in the Kitchen, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Tors, cast is Jay North, Martin Milner, genre is family. Release year is 1966, title is 10:30 P.M. Summer, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Melina Mercouri, Romy Schneider, Peter Finch, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is 7 Women, ethnicity is American, director is John Ford, cast is Anne Bancroft, Sue Lyon, Margaret Leighton, Betty Field, Flora Robson, Mildred Dunnock, Eddie Albert, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Agent for H.A.R.M., ethnicity is American, director is Gerd Oswald, cast is Peter Mark Richman, Barbara Bouchet, Wendell Corey, genre is spy film. Release year is 1966, title is Alvarez Kelly, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is William Holden, Richard Widmark, Janice Rule, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Ambush Bay, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Winston, cast is Hugh O'Brian, Mickey Rooney, genre is war. Release year is 1966, title is Any Wednesday, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Ellis Miller, cast is Jane Fonda, Jason Robards, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Appaloosa, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney J. Furie, cast is Marlon Brando, John Saxon, Anjanette Comer, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Arabesque, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Gregory Peck, Sophia Loren, genre is spy film. Release year is 1966, title is Around the World Under the Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Lloyd Bridges, Keenan Wynn, Gary Merrill, Shirley Eaton, David McCallum, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1966, title is Assault on a Queen, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Donohue, cast is Frank Sinatra, Virna Lisi, Tony Franciosa, Richard Conte, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1966, title is Batman, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie H. Martinson, cast is Adam West, Burt Ward, Lee Meriwether, Cesar Romero, Burgess Meredith, Frank Gorshin, genre is comedy, action. Release year is 1966, title is The Bible: In the Beginning, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is George C. Scott, Ava Gardner, Peter O'Toole, John Huston, Richard Harris, Stephen Boyd, Franco Nero, genre is biblical drama. Release year is 1966, title is A Big Hand for the Little Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Fielder Cook, cast is Henry Fonda, Joanne Woodward, Jason Robards, Kevin McCarthy, Burgess Meredith, Paul Ford, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Billy the Kid vs. Dracula, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is John Carradine, Chuck Courtney, genre is western, horror. Release year is 1966, title is Birds Do It, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Marton, cast is Soupy Sales, Tab Hunter, Doris Dowling, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Blindfold, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Dunne, cast is Rock Hudson, Claudia Cardinale, Jack Warden, genre is suspense. Release year is 1966, title is Blood Bath, ethnicity is American, director is Stephanie Rothman, Jack Hill, cast is Lori Saunders, Karl Schanzer, Sid Haig, genre is horror. Release year is 1966, title is Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Bob Hope, Elke Sommer, Phyllis Diller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Cast a Giant Shadow, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Kirk Douglas, Senta Berger, Yul Brynner, Frank Sinatra, Angie Dickinson, John Wayne, genre is action. Release year is 1966, title is Castle of Evil, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is Virginia Mayo, Scott Brady, Lisa Gaye, genre is horror. Release year is 1966, title is Chamber of Horrors, ethnicity is American, director is Hy Averback, cast is Patrick O'Neal, Wilfrid Hyde-White, genre is horror. Release year is 1966, title is Chappaqua, ethnicity is American, director is Conrad Rooks, cast is Jean-Louis Barrault, William S. Burroughs, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is The Chase, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Marlon Brando, Jane Fonda, Robert Redford, Angie Dickinson, E.G. Marshall, Janice Rule, James Fox, Robert Duvall, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Curse of the Swamp Creature, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Buchanan, cast is John Agar, Francine York, genre is horror. Release year is 1966, title is Cyborg 2087, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Michael Rennie, Karen Steele, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1966, title is The Daydreamer, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Bass, cast is Paul O'Keefe, Ray Bolger, genre is stop-motion animation. Release year is 1966, title is Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Girard, cast is James Coburn, Aldo Ray, Rose Marie, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1966, title is Destination Inner Space, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is Scott Brady, Gary Merrill, Sheree North, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1966, title is Dimension 5, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin Adreon, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, France Nuyen, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1966, title is Drop Dead Darling, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Hughes, cast is Tony Curtis, Zsa Zsa Gabor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Duel at Diablo, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Sidney Poitier, James Garner, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is El Dorado, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is John Wayne, Robert Mitchum, James Caan, Charlene Holt, Ed Asner, Michele Carey, Christopher George, Arthur Hunnicutt, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Fantastic Voyage, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Raquel Welch, Stephen Boyd, Edmond O'Brien, Arthur Kennedy, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1966, title is The Fat Spy, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Cates, cast is Phyllis Diller, Jack E. Leonard, Brian Donlevy, Jayne Mansfield, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is A Fine Madness, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Kershner, cast is Sean Connery, Joanne Woodward, Jean Seberg, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1966, title is Fireball 500, ethnicity is American, director is Leo Townsend, cast is Frankie Avalon, Annette Funicello, Fabian, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Fortune Cookie, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Walter Matthau, Jack Lemmon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Frankie and Johnny, ethnicity is American, director is Fred De Cordova, cast is Elvis Presley, Donna Douglas, Nancy Kovack, Sue Ane Langdon, genre is musical. Release year is 1966, title is A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Zero Mostel, Phil Silvers, Michael Crawford, Jack Gilford, Michael Hordern, Roy Kinnear, Buster Keaton, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Gambit, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is Michael Caine, Shirley MacLaine, genre is crime, comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Ghost and Mr. Chicken, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rafkin, cast is Don Knotts, Dick Sargent, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Ghost in the Invisible Bikini, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Tommy Kirk, Nancy Sinatra, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Glass Bottom Boat, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Doris Day, Rod Taylor, Paul Lynde, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Grand Prix, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is James Garner, Toshirō Mifune, Yves Montand, Eva Marie Saint, Brian Bedford, Jessica Walter, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is The Group, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Candice Bergen, Joanna Pettet, Shirley Knight, Joan Hackett, Elizabeth Hartman, Jessica Walter, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Gunpoint, ethnicity is American, director is Earl Bellamy, cast is Audie Murphy, Joan Staley, Warren Stevens, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Harper, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is Paul Newman, Robert Wagner, Lauren Bacall, Janet Leigh, Julie Harris, Pamela Tiffin, Arthur Hill, Shelley Winters, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1966, title is Hawaii, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Julie Andrews, Max von Sydow, Richard Harris, Gene Hackman, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Hold Me While I'm Naked, ethnicity is American, director is George Kuchar, cast is Donna Kerness, Stella Kuchar, genre is experimental short. Release year is 1966, title is Hold On!, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Lubin, cast is Peter Noone, Shelley Fabares, genre is musical. Release year is 1966, title is How to Steal a Million, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Peter O'Toole, genre is crime, comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Idol, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Jennifer Jones, Michael Parks, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Is Paris Burning?, ethnicity is American, director is René Clément, cast is Kirk Douglas, Charles Boyer, Leslie Caron, Glenn Ford, Yves Montand, Alain Delon, Jean-Paul Belmondo, Simone Signoret, Robert Stack, Orson Welles, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1966, title is Jesse James Meets Frankenstein's Daughter, ethnicity is American, director is William Beaudine, cast is John Lupton, Narda Onyx, genre is western, horror. Release year is 1966, title is Johnny Reno, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Dana Andrews, Jane Russell, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Judith, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Sophia Loren, Peter Finch, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Khartoum, ethnicity is American, director is Basil Dearden, cast is Charlton Heston, Laurence Olivier, genre is adventure. Release year is 1966, title is Kiss the Girls and Make Them Die, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Mike Connors, Dorothy Provine, genre is spy. Release year is 1966, title is The Last of the Secret Agents?, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Abbott, cast is Marty Allen, Steve Rossi, Nancy Sinatra, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Lord Love a Duck, ethnicity is American, director is George Axelrod, cast is Roddy McDowall, Tuesday Weld, Lola Albright, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Lost Command, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Anthony Quinn, Claudia Cardinale, Alain Delon, genre is war. Release year is 1966, title is Lt. Robin Crusoe, U.S.N., ethnicity is American, director is Byron Paul, cast is Dick Van Dyke, Nancy Kwan, Akim Tamiroff, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Madame X, ethnicity is American, director is David Lowell Rich, cast is Lana Turner, John Forsythe, Ricardo Montalbán, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Made in Paris, ethnicity is American, director is Boris Sagal, cast is Louis Jourdan, Ann-Margret, Richard Crenna, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Man Called Flintstone, ethnicity is American, director is Hanna-Barbera, cast is Alan Reed, Mel Blanc (voices), genre is animation. Release year is 1966, title is A Man Could Get Killed, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is James Garner, Sandra Dee, genre is spy film. Release year is 1966, title is Manos: The Hands of Fate, ethnicity is American, director is Harold P. Warren, cast is John Reynolds, Harold P. Warren, genre is horror. Release year is 1966, title is Mister Buddwing, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is James Garner, Suzanne Pleshette, Angela Lansbury, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Munster, Go Home!, ethnicity is American, director is Earl Bellamy, cast is Fred Gwynne, Yvonne De Carlo, Al Lewis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Murderers' Row, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Dean Martin, Ann-Margret, Karl Malden, Camilla Sparv, Beverly Adams, James Gregory, genre is spy film, comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Nashville Rebel, ethnicity is American, director is Jay J. Sheridan, cast is Waylon Jennings, Loretta Lynn, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1966, title is The Navy vs. the Night Monsters, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Hoey, cast is Mamie van Doren, Anthony Eisley, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1966, title is Nevada Smith, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Steve McQueen, Karl Malden, Brian Keith, Martin Landau, Arthur Kennedy, Janet Margolin, Suzanne Pleshette, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is The Night of the Grizzly, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Pevney, cast is Clint Walker, Martha Hyer, genre is adventure. Release year is 1966, title is Not with My Wife, You Don't!, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Panama, cast is Tony Curtis, Virna Lisi, George C. Scott, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Once Before I Die, ethnicity is American, director is John Derek, cast is Ursula Andress, John Derek, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is The Oscar, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Rouse, cast is Stephen Boyd, Elke Sommer, Jill St. John, Tony Bennett, Ernest Borgnine, Milton Berle, Edie Adams, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Our Man Flint, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is James Coburn, Lee J. Cobb, Gila Golan, genre is spy film, comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Our Man in Marrakesh, ethnicity is American, director is Don Sharp, cast is Tony Randall, Herbert Lom, Klaus Kinski, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Paradise, Hawaiian Style, ethnicity is American, director is Michael D. Moore, cast is Elvis Presley, James Shigeta, Irene Tsu, genre is musical. Release year is 1966, title is Penelope, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Natalie Wood, Ian Bannen, Carl Ballantine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Picture Mommy Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Don Ameche, Martha Hyer, Zsa Zsa Gabor, genre is horror. Release year is 1966, title is The Plainsman, ethnicity is American, director is David Lowell Rich, cast is Don Murray, Guy Stockwell, Abby Dalton, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is The Professionals, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Burt Lancaster, Lee Marvin, Robert Ryan, Woody Strode, Jack Palance, Claudia Cardinale, Ralph Bellamy, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Queen of Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Harrington, cast is John Saxon, Dennis Hopper, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1966, title is Rage, ethnicity is American, director is Gilberto Gazcón, cast is Glenn Ford, Stella Stevens, David Reynoso, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is The Rare Breed, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is James Stewart, Maureen O'Hara, Jack Elam, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Red Tomahawk, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Joan Caulfield, Howard Keel, Broderick Crawford, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Red Zone Cuba, ethnicity is American, director is Coleman Francis, cast is John Carradine, Anthony Cardoza, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Return of the Seven, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Yul Brynner, Warren Oates, Elisa Montes, Robert Fuller, Claude Akins, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Ride Beyond Vengeance, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard McEveety, cast is Chuck Connors, Kathryn Hays, Bill Bixby, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Alan Arkin, Eva Marie Saint, Jonathan Winters, Carl Reiner, John Phillip Law, Brian Keith, Paul Ford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Sand Pebbles, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Steve McQueen, Richard Crenna, Candice Bergen, Mako, Richard Attenborough, Simon Oakland, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1966, title is Seconds, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Rock Hudson, Murray Hamilton, John Randolph, Salome Jens, Jeff Corey, genre is thriller. Release year is 1966, title is The Shooting, ethnicity is American, director is Monte Hellman, cast is Warren Oates, Millie Perkins, Will Hutchins, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is The Silencers, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Dean Martin, Stella Stevens, Daliah Lavi, Victor Buono, Nancy Kovack, Cyd Charisse, genre is spy film, comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Singing Nun, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Koster, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Ricardo Montalbán, Greer Garson, genre is musical biography. Release year is 1966, title is Spinout, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Elvis Presley, Shelley Fabares, genre is musical. Release year is 1966, title is Stagecoach, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Ann-Margret, Red Buttons, Alex Cord, Bing Crosby, Bob Cummings, Slim Pickens, Stefanie Powers, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is The Swinger, ethnicity is American, director is George Sidney, cast is Ann-Margret, Anthony Franciosa, Robert Coote, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Tarzan and the Valley of Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Day, cast is Mike Henry, David Opatoshu, Nancy Kovack, genre is adventure. Release year is 1966, title is Texas Across the River, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Dean Martin, Alain Delon, Joey Bishop, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1966, title is This Property Is Condemned, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Robert Redford, Natalie Wood, Charles Bronson, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is Three on a Couch, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, Janet Leigh, Mary Ann Mobley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Torn Curtain, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Paul Newman, Julie Andrews, Lila Kedrova, genre is spy film, mystery. Release year is 1966, title is The Trouble with Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Ida Lupino, cast is Rosalind Russell, Hayley Mills, June Harding, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Trunk to Cairo, ethnicity is American, director is Menahem Golan, cast is Audie Murphy, George Sanders, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is The Ugly Dachshund, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is Suzanne Pleshette, Dean Jones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is The Unkissed Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Jack H. Harris, cast is Tommy Kirk, Anne Helm, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Waco, ethnicity is American, director is R. G. Springsteen, cast is Jane Russell, Howard Keel, Wendell Corey, genre is western. Release year is 1966, title is Walk Don't Run, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Walters, cast is Cary Grant, Samantha Eggar, Jim Hutton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is Way...Way Out, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Jerry Lewis, Connie Stevens, Anita Ekberg, Robert Morley, Dennis Weaver, Dick Shawn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is What Did You Do in the War, Daddy?, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Dick Shawn, James Coburn, Carroll O'Connor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1966, title is What's Up, Tiger Lily?, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, Senkichi Taniguchi, cast is Woody Allen, Louise Lasser, Tatsuya Mihashi, genre is comedy, parody. Release year is 1966, title is Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Nichols, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Sandy Dennis, George Segal, genre is drama. Release year is 1966, title is The Wild Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Peter Fonda, Nancy Sinatra, genre is outlaw biker film. Release year is 1966, title is Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree, ethnicity is American, director is Wolfgang Reitherman, cast is Sterling Holloway, Junius Matthews, genre is animation. Release year is 1966, title is Women of the Prehistoric Planet, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur C. Pierce, cast is Wendell Corey, Merry Anders, Irene Tsu, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1967, title is 40 Guns to Apache Pass, ethnicity is American, director is William Witney, cast is Audie Murphy, Kenneth Tobey, Laraine Stephens, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is The Ambushers, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Dean Martin, Janice Rule, genre is spy comedy. Release year is 1967, title is The Ballad of Josie, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Doris Day, Peter Graves, George Kennedy, genre is western comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Banning, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Winston, cast is Robert Wagner, Anjanette Comer, Jill St. John, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is Barefoot in the Park, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Saks, cast is Robert Redford, Jane Fonda, Mildred Natwick, Charles Boyer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Beach Red, ethnicity is American, director is Cornel Wilde, cast is Cornel Wilde, Rip Torn, Jaime Sánchez, genre is war. Release year is 1967, title is The Big Mouth, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, Harold J. Stone, Buddy Lester, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Billion Dollar Brain, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Russell, cast is Michael Caine, Karl Malden, genre is spy. Release year is 1967, title is Blast-Off Girls, ethnicity is American, director is H.G. Lewis, cast is Ray Sager, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Bonnie and Clyde, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Warren Beatty, Faye Dunaway, Gene Hackman, Estelle Parsons, Michael J. Pollard, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1967, title is The Born Losers, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Laughlin, cast is Tom Laughlin, Jane Russell, Anne Bellamy, genre is drama, action. Release year is 1967, title is The Busy Body, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Sid Caesar, Robert Ryan, Arlene Golonka, Richard Pryor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Camelot, ethnicity is American, director is Joshua Logan, cast is Richard Harris, Vanessa Redgrave, Franco Nero, David Hemmings, genre is musical. Release year is 1967, title is The Cape Town Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Robert D. Webb, cast is Jacqueline Bisset, James Brolin, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is The Caper of the Golden Bulls, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Rouse, cast is Yvette Mimieux, Stephen Boyd, genre is action. Release year is 1967, title is Caprice, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Doris Day, Richard Harris, Irene Tsu, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Casino Royale, ethnicity is American, director is 5 Directors, cast is David Niven, Peter Sellers, Woody Allen, Ursula Andress, Deborah Kerr, Daliah Lavi, Orson Welles, genre is spy comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Catalina Caper, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Sholem, cast is Tommy Kirk, Robert Donner, Lyle Waggoner, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is The Christmas Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney W. Pink, cast is Jeffrey Hunter, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is Chuka, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Rod Taylor, Ernest Borgnine, John Mills, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is Clambake, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Nadel, cast is Elvis Presley, Shelley Fabares, genre is musical. Release year is 1967, title is C'mon, Let's Live a Little, ethnicity is American, director is David Butler, cast is Bobby Vee, Jackie DeShannon, genre is musical. Release year is 1967, title is Come Spy with Me, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Stone, cast is Troy Donahue, Andrea Dromm, Albert Dekker, genre is spy. Release year is 1967, title is The Comedians, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Glenville, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Peter Ustinov, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is Common Law Cabin, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Alaina Capri, Adele Rein, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Cool Hand Luke, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Paul Newman, George Kennedy, Strother Martin, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is A Covenant with Death, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is George Maharis, Laura Devon, Earl Holliman, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is Custer of the West, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Siodmak, cast is Robert Shaw, Jeffrey Hunter, Mary Ure, Ty Hardin, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is Devil's Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Topper, cast is John Cassavetes, Beverly Adams, genre is biker drama. Release year is 1967, title is The Dirty Dozen, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Lee Marvin, Charles Bronson, Telly Savalas, John Cassavetes, Jim Brown, Ernest Borgnine, Robert Ryan, Donald Sutherland, Clint Walker, Trini Lopez, genre is war. Release year is 1967, title is Divorce American Style, ethnicity is American, director is Bud Yorkin, cast is Dick Van Dyke, Debbie Reynolds, Jason Robards, Jean Simmons, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Doctor Dolittle, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Rex Harrison, Samantha Eggar, Anthony Newley, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1967, title is Doctor Faustus, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Burton, Nevill Coghill, cast is Richard Burton, Elizabeth Taylor, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is Doctor, You've Got to Be Kidding!, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Tewksbury, cast is Sandra Dee, George Hamilton, Celeste Holm, Bill Bixby, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Dont Look Back, ethnicity is American, director is D.A. Pennebaker, cast is Bob Dylan, Joan Baez, Donovan, genre is documentary. Release year is 1967, title is Don't Make Waves, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander MacKendrick, cast is Tony Curtis, Claudia Cardinale, Sharon Tate, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Easy Come, Easy Go, ethnicity is American, director is John Rich, cast is Elvis Presley, Pat Priest, genre is musical. Release year is 1967, title is Eight on the Lam, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Bob Hope, Phyllis Diller, Jonathan Winters, Shirley Eaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Enter Laughing, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is José Ferrer, Shelley Winters, Reni Santoni, Don Rickles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is The Fearless Vampire Killers, ethnicity is American, director is Roman Polanski, cast is Sharon Tate, Roman Polanski, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1967, title is First to Fight, ethnicity is American, director is Christian Nyby, cast is Chad Everett, Dean Jagger, genre is war. Release year is 1967, title is The Flim-Flam Man, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Kershner, cast is George C. Scott, Sue Lyon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Fort Utah, ethnicity is American, director is Lesley Selander, cast is John Ireland, Virginia Mayo, Scott Brady, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is The Fox, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Rydell, cast is Sandy Dennis, Keir Dullea, Anne Heywood, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is Games, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Harrington, cast is Simone Signoret, James Caan, Katharine Ross, genre is thriller. Release year is 1967, title is Gentle Giant, ethnicity is American, director is James Neilson, cast is Vera Miles, Dennis Weaver, Clint Howard, genre is family. Release year is 1967, title is The Girl with the Hungry Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is William Rotsler, cast is Adele Rein, genre is sexploitation. Release year is 1967, title is The Gnome-Mobile, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Walter Brennan, Karen Dotrice, Ed Wynn, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1967, title is Good Times, ethnicity is American, director is William Friedkin, cast is Sonny Bono, Cher, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1967, title is The Graduate, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Nichols, cast is Dustin Hoffman, Anne Bancroft, Katharine Ross, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Grand Slam, ethnicity is American, director is Giuliano Montaldo, cast is Edward G. Robinson, Janet Leigh, genre is crime. Release year is 1967, title is Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Sidney Poitier, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is A Guide for the Married Man, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Kelly, cast is Walter Matthau, Robert Morse, Inger Stevens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Gunfight in Abilene, ethnicity is American, director is William Hale, cast is Bobby Darin, Michael Sarrazin, Leslie Nielsen, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is Gunn, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Craig Stevens, Edward Asner, genre is mystery. Release year is 1967, title is The Happening, ethnicity is American, director is Elliot Silverstein, cast is Anthony Quinn, Faye Dunaway, Michael Parks, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is The Happiest Millionaire, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is Fred MacMurray, Lesley Ann Warren, genre is musical. Release year is 1967, title is Hell on Wheels, ethnicity is American, director is Will Zens, cast is Marty Robbins, John Ashley, Gigi Perreau, genre is action. Release year is 1967, title is The Hellcats, ethnicity is American, director is Robert F. Slatzer, cast is Ross Hagen, genre is biker film. Release year is 1967, title is Hells Angels on Wheels, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rush, cast is Jack Nicholson, Adam Roarke, genre is biker film. Release year is 1967, title is Hillbillys in a Haunted House, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Yarbrough, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., John Carradine, Basil Rathbone, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Hombre, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Paul Newman, Richard Boone, Fredric March, Diane Cilento, Barbara Rush, Martin Balsam, Margaret Blye, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is The Honey Pot, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Rex Harrison, Susan Hayward, Cliff Robertson, Edie Adams, Capucine, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1967, title is Hot Rods to Hell, ethnicity is American, director is John Brahm, cast is Dana Andrews, Jeanne Crain, Laurie Mock, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is Hotel, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Rod Taylor, Karl Malden, Merle Oberon, Melvyn Douglas, Michael Rennie, Catherine Spaak, Richard Conte, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is Hour of the Gun, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Jason Robards, Robert Ryan, James Garner, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, ethnicity is American, director is David Swift, cast is Robert Morse, Rudy Vallée, Michele Lee, Maureen Arthur, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Hurry Sundown, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Michael Caine, Jane Fonda, John Phillip Law, Diahann Carroll, Faye Dunaway, Burgess Meredith, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is In Cold Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Robert Blake, Scott Wilson, Paul Stewart, John Forsythe, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1967, title is In the Heat of the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Rod Steiger, Sidney Poitier, Warren Oates, Lee Grant, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1967, title is In Like Flint, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is James Coburn, Lee J. Cobb, Anna Lee, Jean Hale, genre is spy spoof. Release year is 1967, title is The Incident, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Peerce, cast is Tony Musante, Martin Sheen, Ruby Dee, genre is thriller. Release year is 1967, title is It's a Bikini World, ethnicity is American, director is Stephanie Rothman, cast is Deborah Walley, Tommy Kirk, Bobby Pickett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Jack of Diamonds, ethnicity is American, director is Don Taylor, cast is George Hamilton, Joseph Cotten, genre is crime. Release year is 1967, title is Journey to the Center of Time, ethnicity is American, director is David L. Hewitt, cast is Scott Brady, Anthony Eisley, Gigi Perreau, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1967, title is Jungle Book, ethnicity is American, director is Wolfgang Reitherman, cast is Bruce Reitherman, Phil Harris, George Sanders, genre is animation. Release year is 1967, title is King Kong Escapes, ethnicity is American, director is Ishirō Honda, cast is Akira Takarada, Rhodes Reason, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1967, title is Kill a Dragon, ethnicity is American, director is Michael D. Moore, cast is Jack Palance, Fernando Lamas, genre is action. Release year is 1967, title is The King's Pirate, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Doug McClure, Jill St. John, Mary Ann Mobley, genre is adventure. Release year is 1967, title is Luv, ethnicity is American, director is Clive Donner, cast is Jack Lemmon, Elaine May, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Mad Monster Party, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Bass, cast is Boris Karloff, Allen Swift, Phyllis Diller, genre is animation. Release year is 1967, title is Mars Needs Women, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Buchanan, cast is Tommy Kirk, Yvonne Craig, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1967, title is Oh Dad, Poor Dad, Mamma's Hung You in the Closet and I'm Feelin' So Sad, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Rosalind Russell, Robert Morse, Hugh Griffith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Point Blank, ethnicity is American, director is John Boorman, cast is Lee Marvin, Angie Dickinson, Carroll O'Connor, Keenan Wynn, Lloyd Bochner, John Vernon, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1967, title is The President's Analyst, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore J. Flicker, cast is James Coburn, Godfrey Cambridge, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Reflections in a Golden Eye, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Marlon Brando, Robert Forster, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is The Reluctant Astronaut, ethnicity is American, director is Edw. Montagne Jr., cast is Don Knotts, Leslie Nielsen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Rosie!, ethnicity is American, director is David Lowell Rich, cast is Rosalind Russell, Sandra Dee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Rough Night in Jericho, ethnicity is American, director is Arnold Laven, cast is Dean Martin, George Peppard, Jean Simmons, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is The Shooting, ethnicity is American, director is Monte Hellman, cast is Warren Oates, Jack Nicholson, Millie Perkins, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is The Shuttered Room, ethnicity is American, director is David Greene, cast is Gig Young, Carol Lynley, genre is suspense. Release year is 1967, title is The Spirit Is Willing, ethnicity is American, director is William Castle, cast is Sid Caesar, Vera Miles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is The St. Valentine's Day Massacre, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Jason Robards, George Segal, Ralph Meeker, Jean Hale, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1967, title is The Taming of the Shrew, ethnicity is American, director is Franco Zeffirelli, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Thoroughly Modern Millie, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Julie Andrews, Mary Tyler Moore, Carol Channing, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1967, title is Thunder Alley, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rush, cast is Annette Funicello, Fabian, Diane McBain, genre is sports drama. Release year is 1967, title is The Tiger Makes Out, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Eli Wallach, Dustin Hoffman, Anne Jackson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1967, title is A Time for Killing, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Glenn Ford, Inger Stevens, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is Tobruk, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Rock Hudson, George Peppard, genre is war. Release year is 1967, title is Tony Rome, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Frank Sinatra, Jill St. John, Gena Rowlands, Richard Conte, Simon Oakland, Sue Lyon, Shecky Greene, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1967, title is Torture Garden, ethnicity is American, director is Freddie Francis, cast is Jack Palance, Burgess Meredith, Beverly Adams, genre is horror. Release year is 1967, title is Track of Thunder, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Kane, cast is Tommy Kirk, Faith Domergue, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is The Trip, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Peter Fonda, Susan Strasberg, Dennis Hopper, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is Up the Down Staircase, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Sandy Dennis, Jean Stapleton, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is Valley of the Dolls, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Patty Duke, Barbara Parkins, Paul Burke, Martin Milner, Susan Hayward, Sharon Tate, genre is drama. Release year is 1967, title is The Venetian Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Thorpe, cast is Robert Vaughn, Elke Sommer, Felicia Farr, genre is spy. Release year is 1967, title is Wait Until Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Terence Young, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Alan Arkin, Efrem Zimbalist Jr., Richard Crenna, genre is thriller. Release year is 1967, title is The War Wagon, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, Robert Walker Jr., genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is Warning Shot, ethnicity is American, director is Buzz Kulik, cast is David Janssen, Joan Collins, Stefanie Powers, Eleanor Parker, George Grizzard, Steve Allen, Lillian Gish, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1967, title is Waterhole No. 3, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Graham, cast is James Coburn, Carroll O'Connor, Margaret Blye, genre is comedy western. Release year is 1967, title is The Way West, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Kirk Douglas, Robert Mitchum, Richard Widmark, Lola Albright, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is Welcome to Hard Times, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Henry Fonda, Janice Rule, Warren Oates, Aldo Ray, genre is western. Release year is 1967, title is Who's That Knocking at My Door, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Harvey Keitel, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is 5 Card Stud, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Dean Martin, Robert Mitchum, Inger Stevens, genre is western, mystery. Release year is 1968, title is 2001: A Space Odyssey, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is Keir Dullea, Gary Lockwood, William Sylvester, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1968, title is Anzio, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, Duilio Coletti, cast is Robert Mitchum, Robert Ryan, Peter Falk, genre is war. Release year is 1968, title is Assignment to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Sheldon Reynolds, cast is Patrick O'Neal, Joan Hackett, John Gielgud, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Astro-Zombies, ethnicity is American, director is Ted V. Mikels, cast is John Carradine, Wendell Corey, Tura Satana, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1968, title is Bandolero!, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is James Stewart, Dean Martin, Raquel Welch, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is The Biggest Bundle of Them All, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Annakin, cast is Raquel Welch, Robert Wagner, Edward G. Robinson, genre is comedy, crime. Release year is 1968, title is Blackbeard's Ghost, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Peter Ustinov, Suzanne Pleshette, Dean Jones, genre is comedy, fantasy. Release year is 1968, title is The Boston Strangler, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Tony Curtis, Henry Fonda, George Kennedy, genre is true crime. Release year is 1968, title is The Brotherhood, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Kirk Douglas, Alex Cord, Luther Adler, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is Bullitt, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Steve McQueen, Robert Vaughn, Jacqueline Bisset, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is Buona Sera, Mrs. Campbell, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, cast is Gina Lollobrigida, Shelley Winters, Peter Lawford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Bye Bye Braverman, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is George Segal, Jack Warden, Alan King, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Candy, ethnicity is American, director is Christian Marquand, cast is Marlon Brando, Richard Burton, Charles Aznavour, Walter Matthau, James Coburn, Ringo Starr, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Charly, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Cliff Robertson, Claire Bloom, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Coogan's Bluff, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Clint Eastwood, Lee J. Cobb, Susan Clark, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is Countdown, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is James Caan, Robert Duvall, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1968, title is Counterpoint, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Charlton Heston, Maximilian Schell, genre is war. Release year is 1968, title is Daring Game, ethnicity is American, director is Laszlo Benedek, cast is Lloyd Bridges, Joan Blackman, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Day of the Evil Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Thorpe, cast is Glenn Ford, Arthur Kennedy, Dean Jagger, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is The Detective, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Frank Sinatra, Lee Remick, Jacqueline Bisset, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Devil's Brigade, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is William Holden, Cliff Robertson, Vince Edwards, genre is war. Release year is 1968, title is Did You Hear the One About the Traveling Saleslady?, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Phyllis Diller, Bob Denver, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Don't Just Stand There!, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Winston, cast is Robert Wagner, Mary Tyler Moore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Don't Raise the Bridge, Lower the River, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Paris, cast is Jerry Lewis, Terry-Thomas, Jacqueline Pearce, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Faces, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Gena Rowlands, John Marley, Seymour Cassel, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Finders Keepers, Lovers Weepers!, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Anne Chapman, Lavelle Roby, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Finian's Rainbow, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Fred Astaire, Petula Clark, Keenan Wynn, Tommy Steele, Don Francks, Al Freeman Jr., genre is musical. Release year is 1968, title is Firecreek, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent McEveety, cast is James Stewart, Henry Fonda, Inger Stevens, Jacqueline Scott, Gary Lockwood, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is Flesh, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Morrissey, cast is Patti D'Arbanville, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is For Love of Ivy, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Sidney Poitier, Abbey Lincoln, Beau Bridges, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1968, title is For Singles Only, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Dreifuss, cast is Mary Ann Mobley, Lana Wood, Milton Berle, genre is romance. Release year is 1968, title is Funny Girl, ethnicity is American, director is William Wyler, cast is Barbra Streisand, Omar Sharif, Walter Pidgeon, genre is musical. Release year is 1968, title is The Green Berets, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Kellogg, John Wayne, cast is John Wayne, David Janssen, Jim Hutton, Aldo Ray, genre is war. Release year is 1968, title is Hang 'Em High, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Post, cast is Clint Eastwood, Inger Stevens, Pat Hingle, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is Head, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Rafelson, cast is The Monkees, Annette Funicello, Victor Mature, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1968, title is The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Ellis Miller, cast is Alan Arkin, Chuck McCann, Sondra Locke, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Hell in the Pacific, ethnicity is American, director is John Boorman, cast is Lee Marvin, Toshiro Mifune, genre is war. Release year is 1968, title is Hellfighters, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is John Wayne, Katharine Ross, Jim Hutton, genre is action. Release year is 1968, title is The Hell with Heroes, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is Rod Taylor, Claudia Cardinale, genre is war. Release year is 1968, title is The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is Dean Jones, Diane Baker, genre is family. Release year is 1968, title is Hot Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Eric Till, cast is Peter Ustinov, Maggie Smith, Bob Newhart, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is How to Save a Marriage and Ruin Your Life, ethnicity is American, director is Fielder Cook, cast is Dean Martin, Stella Stevens, Eli Wallach, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is I Love You, Alice B. Toklas, ethnicity is American, director is Hy Averback, cast is Peter Sellers, Leigh Taylor-Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Ice Station Zebra, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Rock Hudson, Patrick McGoohan, Ernest Borgnine, Jim Brown, Tony Bill, Lloyd Nolan, genre is action. Release year is 1968, title is The Impossible Years, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is David Niven, Lola Albright, Ozzie Nelson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Jigsaw, ethnicity is American, director is James Goldstone, cast is Harry Guardino, Bradford Dillman, Hope Lange, genre is thriller. Release year is 1968, title is Killers Three, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Kessler, cast is Dick Clark, Robert Walker Jr., Merle Haggard, genre is crime. Release year is 1968, title is The Killing of Sister George, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Beryl Reid, Coral Browne, Susannah York, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Kona Coast, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is Richard Boone, Vera Miles, Joan Blondell, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Lady in Cement, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Frank Sinatra, Raquel Welch, Dan Blocker, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Legend of Lylah Clare, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Kim Novak, Peter Finch, Ernest Borgnine, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Live a Little, Love a Little, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Elvis Presley, Michele Carey, Rudy Vallée, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is The Love Bug, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Dean Jones, Michele Lee, David Tomlinson, genre is family. Release year is 1968, title is A Lovely Way to Die, ethnicity is American, director is David Lowell Rich, cast is Kirk Douglas, Sylvia Koscina, Eli Wallach, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Madigan, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Richard Widmark, Henry Fonda, Inger Stevens, James Whitmore, Harry Guardino, Susan Clark, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Magus, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Green, cast is Michael Caine, Candice Bergen, Anthony Quinn, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is A Man Called Dagger, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rush, cast is Terry Moore, Sue Ane Langdon, genre is spy comedy. Release year is 1968, title is The Mini-Skirt Mob, ethnicity is American, director is Maury Dexter, cast is Diane McBain, Jeremy Slate, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Money Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Francis D. Lyon, cast is Lola Albright, John Ericson, Leslie Parrish, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is More Dead Than Alive, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Sparr, cast is Clint Walker, Vincent Price, Anne Francis, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is Never a Dull Moment, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Paris, cast is Dick Van Dyke, Dorothy Provine, Edward G. Robinson, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1968, title is The Night of the Following Day, ethnicity is American, director is Hubert Cornfield, cast is Marlon Brando, Richard Boone, Rita Moreno, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is Night of the Living Dead, ethnicity is American, director is George A. Romero, cast is Duane Jones, Judith O'Dea, genre is horror. Release year is 1968, title is The Night They Raided Minsky's, ethnicity is American, director is William Friedkin, cast is Jason Robards, Elliott Gould, Forrest Tucker, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is No Way to Treat a Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is Rod Steiger, Lee Remick, George Segal, genre is thriller. Release year is 1968, title is Nobody Runs Forever, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Thomas, cast is Rod Taylor, Christopher Plummer, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Nobody's Perfect, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rafkin, cast is Doug McClure, Nancy Kwan, James Whitmore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is The Odd Couple, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Saks, cast is Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band, ethnicity is American, director is Michael O'Herlihy, cast is Walter Brennan, Buddy Ebsen, Lesley Ann Warren, John Davidson, Kurt Russell, genre is family. Release year is 1968, title is P.J., ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is George Peppard, Raymond Burr, Gayle Hunnicutt, genre is mystery. Release year is 1968, title is Paper Lion, ethnicity is American, director is Alex March, cast is Alan Alda, Lauren Hutton, Alex Karras, genre is biography, sports. Release year is 1968, title is The Party, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Peter Sellers, Claudine Longet, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is The Pink Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is James Garner, George Kennedy, genre is adventure. Release year is 1968, title is A Place for Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is Vittorio De Sica, cast is Faye Dunaway, Marcello Mastroianni, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Planet of the Apes, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is Charlton Heston, Roddy McDowall, Maurice Evans, Kim Hunter, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1968, title is The Power, ethnicity is American, director is Byron Haskin, cast is Suzanne Pleshette, George Hamilton, genre is thriller. Release year is 1968, title is Pretty Poison, ethnicity is American, director is Noel Black, cast is Tuesday Weld, Anthony Perkins, Beverly Garland, genre is suspense. Release year is 1968, title is The Private Navy of Sgt. O'Farrell, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Tashlin, cast is Bob Hope, Jeffrey Hunter, Phyllis Diller, genre is war comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Psych-Out, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rush, cast is Jack Nicholson, Susan Strasberg, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is Rachel, Rachel, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Newman, cast is Joanne Woodward, James Olson, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Rosemary's Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Roman Polanski, cast is Mia Farrow, John Cassavetes, Charles Grodin, Ruth Gordon, Ralph Bellamy, genre is horror. Release year is 1968, title is The Savage Seven, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rush, cast is Robert Walker Jr., Larry Bishop, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Scalphunters, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Burt Lancaster, Ossie Davis, Telly Savalas, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is The Secret Life of an American Wife, ethnicity is American, director is George Axelrod, cast is Walter Matthau, Anne Jackson, Patrick O'Neal, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is The Secret War of Harry Frigg, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is Paul Newman, genre is war comedy. Release year is 1968, title is The Sergeant, ethnicity is American, director is John Flynn, cast is Rod Steiger, John Phillip Law, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Sergeant Ryker, ethnicity is American, director is Buzz Kulik, cast is Lee Marvin, Bradford Dillman, Vera Miles, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Shakiest Gun in the West, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rafkin, cast is Don Knotts, Pat Morita, Jackie Coogan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Shalako, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Dmytryk, cast is Sean Connery, Brigitte Bardot, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is She-Devils on Wheels, ethnicity is American, director is Herschell Lewis, cast is Betty Connell, genre is biker film. Release year is 1968, title is The Shoes of the Fisherman, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is Anthony Quinn, Laurence Olivier, David Janssen, Oskar Werner, Leo McKern, John Gielgud, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Single Room Furnished, ethnicity is American, director is Matt Cimber, cast is Jayne Mansfield, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Sol Madrid, ethnicity is American, director is Brian G. Hutton, cast is David McCallum, Stella Stevens, Telly Savalas, genre is crime. Release year is 1968, title is Speedway, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Taurog, cast is Elvis Presley, Nancy Sinatra, genre is musical. Release year is 1968, title is Spirits of the Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Federico Fellini, Louis Malle, Roger Vadim, cast is Brigitte Bardot, Alain Delon, Jane Fonda, Peter Fonda, genre is anthology. Release year is 1968, title is The Split, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Flemyng, cast is Jim Brown, Diahann Carroll, Gene Hackman, Julie Harris, Warren Oates, Donald Sutherland, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Stalking Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Gregory Peck, Eva Marie Saint, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is Star!, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Julie Andrews, Daniel Massey, Richard Crenna, genre is biography. Release year is 1968, title is Stay Away, Joe, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Tewksbury, cast is Elvis Presley, Burgess Meredith, Katy Jurado, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is The Subject Was Roses, ethnicity is American, director is Ulu Grosbard, cast is Patricia Neal, Jack Albertson, Martin Sheen, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Sweet Ride, ethnicity is American, director is Harvey Hart, cast is Anthony Franciosa, Michael Sarrazin, Jacqueline Bisset, Bob Denver, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Sweet November, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Ellis Miller, cast is Sandy Dennis, Anthony Newley, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Swimmer, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Burt Lancaster, Janice Rule, Marge Champion, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Targets, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Bogdanovich, cast is Boris Karloff, Tim O'Kelly, genre is thriller. Release year is 1968, title is They Came to Rob Las Vegas, ethnicity is American, director is Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi, cast is Gary Lockwood, Elke Sommer, Lee J. Cobb, genre is crime. Release year is 1968, title is The Thomas Crown Affair, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Steve McQueen, Faye Dunaway, genre is crime. Release year is 1968, title is Three in the Attic, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wilson, cast is Christopher Jones, Yvette Mimieux, genre is suspense. Release year is 1968, title is Uptight, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Dassin, cast is Ruby Dee, Raymond St. Jacques, Max Julien, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is Villa Rides, ethnicity is American, director is Buzz Kulik, cast is Yul Brynner, Robert Mitchum, Charles Bronson, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is Vixen!, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Erica Gavin, genre is sexploitation. Release year is 1968, title is Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Bogdanovich, cast is Mamie Van Doren, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1968, title is What's So Bad About Feeling Good?, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is George Peppard, Mary Tyler Moore, Dom DeLuise, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Where Angels Go, Trouble Follows, ethnicity is American, director is James Neilson, cast is Rosalind Russell, Stella Stevens, Binnie Barnes, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Where Eagles Dare, ethnicity is American, director is Brian G. Hutton, cast is Clint Eastwood, Richard Burton, genre is war. Release year is 1968, title is White Comanche, ethnicity is American, director is Jose Mendez, cast is William Shatner, Joseph Cotten, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is The Wicked Dreams of Paula Schultz, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Elke Sommer, Bob Crane, Werner Klemperer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Wild 90, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Mailer, cast is Norman Mailer, Buzz Farbar, Mickey Knox, genre is experimental. Release year is 1968, title is Wild in the Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Barry Shear, cast is Christopher Jones, Hal Holbrook, Shelley Winters, Richard Pryor, genre is drama. Release year is 1968, title is The Wild Racers, ethnicity is American, director is Dan Haller, cast is Fabian, Judy Cornwell, Talia Shire, genre is action. Release year is 1968, title is Will Penny, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Gries, cast is Charlton Heston, Joan Hackett, Bruce Dern, genre is western. Release year is 1968, title is With Six You Get Eggroll, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Morris, cast is Doris Day, Brian Keith, Barbara Hershey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1968, title is Yours, Mine and Ours, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Lucille Ball, Henry Fonda, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is 100 Rifles, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Gries, cast is Burt Reynolds, Raquel Welch, Jim Brown, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is Alice's Restaurant, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Arlo Guthrie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Angel, Angel, Down We Go, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Thom, cast is Jennifer Jones, Roddy McDowall, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Angel in My Pocket, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rafkin, cast is Andy Griffith, Jerry Van Dyke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is The April Fools, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Jack Lemmon, Catherine Deneuve, Peter Lawford, Myrna Loy, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1969, title is The Arrangement, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Kirk Douglas, Faye Dunaway, Deborah Kerr, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Big Bounce, ethnicity is American, director is Alex March, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Leigh Taylor-Young, Van Heflin, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Big Cube, ethnicity is American, director is Tito Davison, cast is Lana Turner, Dan O'Herlihy, genre is thriller. Release year is 1969, title is Blood of Dracula's Castle, ethnicity is American, director is Al Adamson, cast is John Carradine, Robert Dix, genre is horror. Release year is 1969, title is Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Mazursky, cast is Elliott Gould, Dyan Cannon, Natalie Wood, Robert Culp, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is A Boy Named Charlie Brown, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Meléndez, cast is Peter Robbins, Pamelyn Ferdin, Glenn Gilger, Erin Sullivan, genre is animated film. Release year is 1969, title is The Bridge at Remagen, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is George Segal, Ben Gazzara, E.G. Marshall, genre is war. Release year is 1969, title is The Bushbaby, ethnicity is American, director is John Trent, cast is Margaret Brooks, Lou Gossett, Jr., genre is family. Release year is 1969, title is Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Paul Newman, Robert Redford, Katharine Ross, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is Cactus Flower, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Saks, cast is Walter Matthau, Goldie Hawn, Ingrid Bergman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Castle Keep, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Burt Lancaster, Patrick O'Neal, Jean-Pierre Aumont, Bruce Dern, Peter Falk, genre is war. Release year is 1969, title is The Chairman, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Gregory Peck, Anne Heywood, Arthur Hill, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Change of Habit, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Graham, cast is Elvis Presley, Mary Tyler Moore, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Change of Mind, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevens, cast is Raymond St. Jacques, Susan Oliver, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1969, title is Changes, ethnicity is American, director is Hall Bartlett, cast is Michele Carey, Jack Albertson, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Chastity, ethnicity is American, director is Alessio de Paola, cast is Cher, Stephen Whittaker, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Childish Things, ethnicity is American, director is John Derek, cast is Don Murray, Linda Evans, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Comic, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is Dick Van Dyke, Mickey Rooney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Butler, cast is Kurt Russell, Cesar Romero, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Death of a Gunfighter, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Smithee, cast is Richard Widmark, Lena Horne, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is De Sade, ethnicity is American, director is Cy Endfield, cast is Keir Dullea, Senta Berger, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Devil's 8, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Topper, cast is Christopher George, Fabian, Leslie Parrish, genre is crime. Release year is 1969, title is Don't Drink the Water, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Morris, cast is Jackie Gleason, Estelle Parsons, Ted Bessell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Downhill Racer, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Robert Redford, Gene Hackman, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Easy Rider, ethnicity is American, director is Dennis Hopper, cast is Peter Fonda, Dennis Hopper, Jack Nicholson, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Extraordinary Seaman, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is David Niven, Faye Dunaway, Mickey Rooney, Alan Alda, Jack Carter, genre is war comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Eye of the Cat, ethnicity is American, director is David Lowell Rich, cast is Michael Sarrazin, Gayle Hunnicutt, Eleanor Parker, genre is horror. Release year is 1969, title is The Female Bunch, ethnicity is American, director is Al Adamson, cast is Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney, Jr., genre is action. Release year is 1969, title is Flareup, ethnicity is American, director is James Neilson, cast is Raquel Welch, genre is thriller. Release year is 1969, title is Gaily, Gaily, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Beau Bridges, Brian Keith, Margot Kidder, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is The Gay Deceivers, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Kessler, cast is Kevin Coughlin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Gidget Grows Up, ethnicity is American, director is James Sheldon, cast is Karen Valentine, Robert Cummings, Nina Foch, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Girl in Gold Boots, ethnicity is American, director is Ted V. Mikels, cast is Bara Byrnes, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Goodbye, Columbus, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Peerce, cast is Richard Benjamin, Ali MacGraw, Jack Klugman, genre is romance. Release year is 1969, title is Goodbye, Mr. Chips, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Peter O'Toole, Petula Clark, genre is musical, drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Grasshopper, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Paris, cast is Jacqueline Bisset, Jim Brown, Joseph Cotten, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Guns of the Magnificent Seven, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is George Kennedy, James Whitmore, Reni Santoni, Monte Markham, Bernie Casey, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is The Gypsy Moths, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Burt Lancaster, Deborah Kerr, Gene Hackman, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Hail, Hero!, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Michael Douglas, Teresa Wright, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Hello, Dolly!, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Kelly, cast is Barbra Streisand, Walter Matthau, Michael Crawford, Marianne McAndrew, Danny Lockin, Tommy Tune, Louis Armstrong, genre is musical. Release year is 1969, title is Hello Down There, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is Tony Randall, Janet Leigh, Jim Backus, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Hell's Angels '69, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Madden, cast is Conny Van Dyke, Jeremy Slate, genre is biker. Release year is 1969, title is Hook, Line & Sinker, ethnicity is American, director is George Marshall, cast is Jerry Lewis, Peter Lawford, Anne Francis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is House of Cards, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is George Peppard, Orson Welles, Inger Stevens, genre is crime. Release year is 1969, title is How to Commit Marriage, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Panama, cast is Bob Hope, Jackie Gleason, Jane Wyman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is If It's Tuesday, This Must Be Belgium, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Stuart, cast is Suzanne Pleshette, Ian McShane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is The Illustrated Man, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is Rod Steiger, Claire Bloom, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1969, title is Impasse, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Benedict, cast is Burt Reynolds, Anne Francis, genre is adventure. Release year is 1969, title is It Takes All Kinds, ethnicity is American, director is Eddie Davis, cast is Vera Miles, Robert Lansing, genre is crime. Release year is 1969, title is Justine, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Robert Forster, Anouk Aimée, Dirk Bogarde, Michael York, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Krakatoa, East of Java, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard L. Kowalski, cast is Brian Keith, Maximilian Schell, Sal Mineo, genre is disaster film. Release year is 1969, title is Last Summer, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Barbara Hershey, Catherine Burns, Bruce Davison, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Learning Tree, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Parks, cast is Kyle Johnson, Malcolm Atterbury, Dana Elcar, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Lola, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Susan George, Charles Bronson, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Lost Flight, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard J. Horn, cast is Lloyd Bridges, Bobby Van, Anne Francis, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Lost Man, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Alan Aurthur, cast is Sidney Poitier, Joanna Shimkus, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Love Camp 7, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Frost, cast is Kathy Williams, Maria Lease, genre is thriller. Release year is 1969, title is The Love God?, ethnicity is American, director is Nat Hiken, cast is Don Knotts, Anne Francis, Edmond O'Brien, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Mackenna's Gold, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Gregory Peck, Omar Sharif, Telly Savalas, Camilla Sparv, Julie Newmar, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is The Madwoman of Chaillot, ethnicity is American, director is Bryan Forbes, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Yul Brynner, Paul Henreid, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Marlowe, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bogart, cast is James Garner, Rita Moreno, Gayle Hunnicutt, Carroll O'Connor, Bruce Lee, genre is mystery. Release year is 1969, title is Marooned, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Gregory Peck, Gene Hackman, David Janssen, Richard Crenna, James Franciscus, Lee Grant, Mariette Hartley, Nancy Kovack, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1969, title is Me, Natalie, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Coe, cast is Patty Duke, James Farantino, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1969, title is Medium Cool, ethnicity is American, director is Haskell Wexler, cast is Robert Forster, Verna Bloom, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Midas Run, ethnicity is American, director is Alf Kjellin, cast is Richard Crenna, Anne Heywood, Fred Astaire, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Midnight Cowboy, ethnicity is American, director is John Schlesinger, cast is Jon Voight, Dustin Hoffman, Brenda Vaccaro, Sylvia Miles, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is More Dead Than Alive, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Sparr, cast is Clint Walker, Vincent Price, Anne Francis, Paul Hampton, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is My Side of the Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Clark, cast is Theodore Bikel, Teddy Eccles, genre is family. Release year is 1969, title is Naked Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce D. Clark, cast is Richard Rust, Michael Greene, genre is biker film. Release year is 1969, title is Number One, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Gries, cast is Charlton Heston, Jessica Walter, Bruce Dern, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Paint Your Wagon, ethnicity is American, director is Joshua Logan, cast is Clint Eastwood, Lee Marvin, Jean Seberg, genre is musical, western. Release year is 1969, title is Popi, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Alan Arkin, Rita Moreno, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1969, title is Putney Swope, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Downey, Sr., cast is Arnold Johnson, Antonio Fargas, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is The Rain People, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Shirley Knight, James Caan, Robert Duvall, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Reivers, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Rydell, cast is Steve McQueen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Riot, ethnicity is American, director is Buzz Kulik, cast is Gene Hackman, Jim Brown, genre is action. Release year is 1969, title is The Royal Hunt of the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Irving Lerner, cast is Robert Shaw, Christopher Plummer, Nigel Davenport, genre is historical. Release year is 1969, title is Sam Whiskey, ethnicity is American, director is Arnold Laven, cast is Burt Reynolds, Angie Dickinson, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is The Secret of Santa Vittoria, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Anna Magnani, Anthony Quinn, Virna Lisi, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1969, title is Shark!, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Burt Reynolds, Arthur Kennedy, Silvia Pinal, genre is action. Release year is 1969, title is The Sidehackers, ethnicity is American, director is Gus Trikonis, cast is Diane McBain, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Slaves, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Biberman, cast is Stephen Boyd, Dionne Warwick, Ossie Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Some Kind of a Nut, ethnicity is American, director is Garson Kanin, cast is Dick Van Dyke, Angie Dickinson, Rosemary Forsyth, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is The Sterile Cuckoo, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is Liza Minnelli, Wendell Burton, Tim McIntire, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Support Your Local Sheriff, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is James Garner, Walter Brennan, Joan Hackett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Sweet Charity, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Fosse, cast is Shirley MacLaine, Chita Rivera, Ricardo Montalbán, John McMartin, Paula Kelly, Sammy Davis, Jr., genre is musical. Release year is 1969, title is Take the Money and Run, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Woody Allen, Janet Margolin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is A Talent for Loving, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Richard Widmark, Cesar Romero, Caroline Munro, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1969, title is Tell Them Willie Boy Is Here, ethnicity is American, director is Abraham Polonsky, cast is Robert Redford, Katharine Ross, Robert Blake, genre is drama, western. Release year is 1969, title is They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Jane Fonda, Michael Sarrazin, Gig Young, Susannah York, Red Buttons, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is A Time for Dying, ethnicity is American, director is Budd Boetticher, cast is Audie Murphy, Beatrice Kay, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is Topaz, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is John Forsythe, Roscoe Lee Browne, John Vernon, genre is thriller. Release year is 1969, title is Trilogy, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Geraldine Page, Maureen Stapleton, Mildred Natwick, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Trouble with Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Tewksbury, cast is Elvis Presley, Sheree North, Dabney Coleman, Vincent Price, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is True Grit, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is John Wayne, Kim Darby, Glen Campbell, Dennis Hopper, Robert Duvall, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is The Undefeated, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is John Wayne, Rock Hudson, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is The Valley of Gwangi, ethnicity is American, director is Jim O'Connolly, cast is James Franciscus, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1969, title is Viva Max!, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Paris, cast is Peter Ustinov, Jonathan Winters, Pamela Tiffin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1969, title is What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice?, ethnicity is American, director is Lee H. Katzin, cast is Geraldine Page, Ruth Gordon, Rosemary Forsyth, genre is horror. Release year is 1969, title is Where It's At, ethnicity is American, director is Garson Kanin, cast is David Janssen, Don Rickles, Rosemary Forsyth, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is The Wild Bunch, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is William Holden, Ernest Borgnine, Warren Oates, Robert Ryan, Edmond O'Brien, Ben Johnson, Jaime Sánchez, Emilio Fernández, genre is western. Release year is 1969, title is Winning, ethnicity is American, director is James Goldstone, cast is Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, Robert Wagner, genre is drama. Release year is 1969, title is Young Billy Young, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Robert Mitchum, Angie Dickinson, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is Cannon for Cordoba, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is George Peppard, Raf Vallone, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is Catch-22, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Nichols, cast is Alan Arkin, Jon Voight, Bob Newhart, Orson Welles, Buck Henry, Martin Sheen, Bob Balaban, Richard Benjamin, Charles Grodin, Art Garfunkel, Paula Prentiss, genre is war, comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Cherry, Harry & Raquel!, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Larissa Ely, Linda Ashton, Uschi Digard, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is The Cheyenne Social Club, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Kelly, cast is James Stewart, Henry Fonda, Shirley Jones, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is Colossus: The Forbin Project, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is Susan Clark, Eric Braeden, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1970, title is Cotton Comes to Harlem, ethnicity is American, director is Ossie Davis, cast is Redd Foxx, Godfrey Cambridge, Raymond St. Jacques, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Count Yorga, Vampire, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Kelljan, cast is Robert Quarry, Michael Murphy, genre is horror. Release year is 1970, title is Darker than Amber, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Clouse, cast is Rod Taylor, Theodore Bikel, Suzy Kendall, genre is action. Release year is 1970, title is Darling Lili, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Julie Andrews, Rock Hudson, genre is musical. Release year is 1970, title is The Delta Factor, ethnicity is American, director is Tay Garnett, cast is Christopher George, Yvette Mimieux, Yvonne De Carlo, genre is action. Release year is 1970, title is Diary of a Mad Housewife, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Carrie Snodgress, Richard Benjamin, Frank Langella, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Dirty Dingus Magee, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Frank Sinatra, George Kennedy, Anne Jackson, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is The Dunwich Horror, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Heller, cast is Sandra Dee, Dean Stockwell, genre is horror. Release year is 1970, title is El Condor, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is Jim Brown, Lee Van Cleef, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is End of the Road, ethnicity is American, director is Aram Avakian, cast is Stacy Keach, Harris Yulin, Dorothy Tristan, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Equinox, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Woods, cast is Frank Bonner, genre is horror. Release year is 1970, title is Five Easy Pieces, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Rafelson, cast is Jack Nicholson, Susan Anspach, Karen Black, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Flesh Feast, ethnicity is American, director is Brad F. Grinter, cast is Veronica Lake, genre is horror. Release year is 1970, title is Getting Straight, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rush, cast is Elliott Gould, Candice Bergen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is The Great White Hope, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is James Earl Jones, Jane Alexander, genre is biography. Release year is 1970, title is The Hawaiians, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Gries, cast is Charlton Heston, Tina Chen, Geraldine Chaplin, John Phillip Law, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Hercules in New York, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Allan Seidelman, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Arnold Stang, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is The Honeymoon Killers, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard Kastle, cast is Shirley Stoler, Tony LoBianco, genre is crime, drama. Release year is 1970, title is Hornets’ Nest, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Rock Hudson, Sylvia Koscina, Sergio Fantoni, genre is war. Release year is 1970, title is House of Dark Shadows, ethnicity is American, director is Dan Curtis, cast is Jonathan Frid, Grayson Hall, genre is horror. Release year is 1970, title is How Do I Love Thee?, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gordon, cast is Jackie Gleason, Maureen O'Hara, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Husbands, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Peter Falk, Ben Gazzara, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is I Drink Your Blood, ethnicity is American, director is David E. Durston, cast is Jadine Wong, genre is horror. Release year is 1970, title is I Love My Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Stuart, cast is Elliott Gould, Brenda Vaccaro, Dabney Coleman, Angel Tompkins, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is I Never Sang for My Father, ethnicity is American, director is Gilbert Cates, cast is Melvyn Douglas, Gene Hackman, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is I Walk the Line, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Gregory Peck, Tuesday Weld, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is The Invincible Six, ethnicity is American, director is Jean Negulesco, cast is Stuart Whitman, Elke Sommer, Curd Jürgens, genre is adventure. Release year is 1970, title is Jenny, ethnicity is American, director is George Bloomfield, cast is Marlo Thomas, Alan Alda, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Joe, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Peter Boyle, Susan Sarandon, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Kelly's Heroes, ethnicity is American, director is Brian G. Hutton, cast is Clint Eastwood, Telly Savalas, Don Rickles, Carroll O'Connor, Donald Sutherland, genre is war, action. Release year is 1970, title is The Kremlin Letter, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Richard Boone, Max von Sydow, genre is thriller. Release year is 1970, title is The Lady in the Car with Glasses and a Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Anatole Litvak, cast is Samantha Eggar, Oliver Reed, genre is thriller. Release year is 1970, title is The Landlord, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is Beau Bridges, Louis Gossett Jr., Lee Grant, Diana Sands, Pearl Bailey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Last of the Mobile Hot Shots, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is James Coburn, Lynn Redgrave, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is The Last Warrior, ethnicity is American, director is Carol Reed, cast is Anthony Quinn, Claude Akins, Shelley Winters, Tony Bill, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is Little Big Man, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Dustin Hoffman, Faye Dunaway, Martin Balsam, Chief Dan George, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is Little Fauss and Big Halsy, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney J. Furie, cast is Robert Redford, Michael J. Pollard, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Love Story, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Ali MacGraw, Ray Milland, John Marley, genre is romance. Release year is 1970, title is M"A*S*H, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Donald Sutherland, Elliott Gould, Sally Kellerman, Tom Skerritt, Jo Ann Pflug, John Schuck, Robert Duvall, René Auberjonois, Roger Bowen, Fred Williamson, genre is comedy, war. Release year is 1970, title is Macho Callahan, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard L. Kowalski, cast is David Janssen, Jean Seberg, Lee J. Cobb, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is Maidstone, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Mailer, cast is Norman Mailer, Rip Torn, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is A Man Called Horse, ethnicity is American, director is Elliot Silverstein, cast is Richard Harris, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is The Molly Maguires, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Sean Connery, Richard Harris, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Monty Walsh, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Fraker, cast is Lee Marvin, Jack Palance, Jeanne Moreau, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is The Moonshine War, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Alan Alda, Richard Widmark, Patrick McGoohan, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Move, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Elliott Gould, Paula Prentiss, Joe Silver, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is My Lover, My Son, ethnicity is American, director is John Newland, cast is Romy Schneider, Dennis Waterman, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Nam's Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Starrett, cast is Paul Koslo, genre is war, biker. Release year is 1970, title is Norwood, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Haley, Jr., cast is Glen Campbell, Kim Darby, Joe Namath, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is On a Clear Day You Can See Forever, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Barbra Streisand, Yves Montand, Jack Nicholson, genre is musical. Release year is 1970, title is One More Time, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Sammy Davis, Jr., Peter Lawford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is The Out-of-Towners, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Jack Lemmon, Sandy Dennis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Party at Kitty and Stud's, ethnicity is American, director is Morton Lewis, cast is Sylvester Stallone, genre is adult. Release year is 1970, title is Patton, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is George C. Scott, Karl Malden, genre is war, biography. Release year is 1970, title is The People Next Door, ethnicity is American, director is David Greene, cast is Eli Wallach, Julie Harris, Deborah Winters, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is The Phantom Tollbooth, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Jones, cast is Butch Patrick, Mel Blanc, genre is animation. Release year is 1970, title is Puzzle of a Downfall Child, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Schatzberg, cast is Faye Dunaway, Roy Scheider, Barry Primus, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Quackser Fortune Has a Cousin in the Bronx, ethnicity is American, director is Waris Hussein, cast is Gene Wilder, Margot Kidder, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is R. P. M., ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Anthony Quinn, Ann-Margret, Gary Lockwood, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Rabbit, Run, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is James Caan, Carrie Snodgress, Anjanette Comer, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1970, title is The Rebel Rousers, ethnicity is American, director is Martin B. Cohen, cast is Cameron Mitchell, Jack Nicholson, genre is biker. Release year is 1970, title is Rio Lobo, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Hawks, cast is John Wayne, Jorge Rivero, Jennifer O'Neill, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is Skullduggery, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Burt Reynolds, Susan Clark, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Soldier Blue, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Candice Bergen, Peter Strauss, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is Something for Everyone, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Prince, cast is Angela Lansbury, Michael York, Anthony Higgins, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Sometimes a Great Notion, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Newman, cast is Paul Newman, Henry Fonda, Lee Remick, Michael Sarrazin, Richard Jaeckel, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Start the Revolution Without Me, ethnicity is American, director is Bud Yorkin, cast is Gene Wilder, Donald Sutherland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is The Strawberry Statement, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Hagmann, cast is Bruce Davison, Kim Darby, Bud Cort, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Suppose They Gave a War and Nobody Came, ethnicity is American, director is Hy Averback, cast is Brian Keith, Tony Curtis, Don Ameche, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Liza Minnelli, Ken Howard, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1970, title is There Was a Crooked Man..., ethnicity is American, director is Joseph L. Mankiewicz, cast is Kirk Douglas, Henry Fonda, Warren Oates, Burgess Meredith, Hume Cronyn, Martin Gabel, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1970, title is They Call Me MISTER Tibbs!, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Sidney Poitier, Martin Landau, Barbara McNair, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is ...tick...tick...tick..., ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Jim Brown, George Kennedy, Fredric March, genre is action. Release year is 1970, title is Too Late the Hero, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Michael Caine, Cliff Robertson, Henry Fonda, genre is war. Release year is 1970, title is Tora! Tora! Tora!, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, Kinji Fukasaku, cast is Jason Robards, So Yamamura, Martin Balsam, Joseph Cotten, James Whitmore, E.G. Marshall, genre is war, drama. Release year is 1970, title is Trash, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Morrissey, cast is Joe Dallesandro, Holly Woodlawn, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Tribes, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is Darren McGavin, Earl Holliman, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is The Traveling Executioner, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is Stacy Keach, Bud Cort, Marianna Hill, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is The Twelve Chairs, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Brooks, cast is Frank Langella, Ron Moody, Dom DeLuise, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Two Mules for Sister Sara, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Clint Eastwood, Shirley MacLaine, genre is western. Release year is 1970, title is Up in the Cellar, ethnicity is American, director is Theodore J. Flicker, cast is Joan Collins, Larry Hagman, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is WUSA, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, Anthony Perkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is A Walk in the Spring Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Green, cast is Ingrid Bergman, Anthony Quinn, genre is romance. Release year is 1970, title is Watermelon Man, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Van Peebles, cast is Godfrey Cambridge, D'Urville Martin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Where's Poppa?, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is George Segal, Ruth Gordon, Ron Leibman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is Which Way to the Front?, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, Jan Murray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1970, title is The Wizard of Gore, ethnicity is American, director is Herschell Gordon Lewis, cast is Ray Sager, genre is horror. Release year is 1970, title is The Yin and the Yang of Mr. Go, ethnicity is American, director is Burgess Meredith, cast is James Mason, Jeff Bridges, Irene Tsu, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is You Can't Win 'Em All, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Collinson, cast is Tony Curtis, Charles Bronson, genre is war. Release year is 1970, title is Zabriskie Point, ethnicity is American, director is Michelangelo Antonioni, cast is Daria Halprin, G. D. Spradlin, Rod Taylor, genre is drama. Release year is 1970, title is Zig Zag, ethnicity is American, director is Richard A. Colla, cast is George Kennedy, Anne Jackson, Eli Wallach, genre is thriller. Release year is 1971, title is Cain's Cutthroats, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Osborne, cast is John Carradine, Scott Brady, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Carnal Knowledge, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Nichols, cast is Jack Nicholson, Ann-Margret, Art Garfunkel, Candice Bergen, Rita Moreno, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Catlow, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wanamaker, cast is Yul Brynner, Richard Crenna, Leonard Nimoy, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Chrome and Hot Leather, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Frost, cast is William Smith, Kathrine Baumann, Marvin Gaye, genre is biker film. Release year is 1971, title is Clay Pigeon, ethnicity is American, director is Lane Slate, cast is Telly Savalas, Burgess Meredith, genre is action. Release year is 1971, title is Cold Turkey, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Lear, cast is Dick Van Dyke, Bob Newhart, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Cry Uncle!, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Allen Garfield, Marcia Jean Kurtz, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is The Deserter, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Bekim Fehmiu, John Huston, Richard Crenna, Ricardo Montalban, Chuck Connors, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Desperate Characters, ethnicity is American, director is Frank D. Gilroy, cast is Shirley MacLaine, Kenneth Mars, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Die Screaming, Marianne, ethnicity is American, director is Pete Walker, cast is Susan George, Leo Genn, genre is horror. Release year is 1971, title is Dirty Harry, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Clint Eastwood, Andrew Robinson, Reni Santoni, Harry Guardino, John Vernon, genre is drama, action. Release year is 1971, title is Doc, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Stacy Keach, Faye Dunaway, Harris Yulin, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Doctors' Wives, ethnicity is American, director is George Schaefer, cast is Dyan Cannon, Richard Crenna, Gene Hackman, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Dracula vs. Frankenstein, ethnicity is American, director is Al Adamson, cast is Lon Chaney, Jr., J. Carrol Naish, genre is horror. Release year is 1971, title is Drive, He Said, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Nicholson, cast is William Tepper, Karen Black, Bruce Dern, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Duel, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Dennis Weaver, Jacqueline Scott, genre is thriller. Release year is 1971, title is Escape from the Planet of the Apes, ethnicity is American, director is Don Taylor, cast is Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Sal Mineo, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1971, title is Fiddler on the Roof, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Topol, Norma Crane, Molly Picon, Paul Mann, Leonard Frey, Rosalind Harris, Michele Marsh, genre is musical. Release year is 1971, title is Fools' Parade, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is James Stewart, Kurt Russell, George Kennedy, genre is crime, drama. Release year is 1971, title is Four Rode Out, ethnicity is American, director is John Peyser, cast is Sue Lyon, Leslie Nielsen, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is The French Connection, ethnicity is American, director is William Friedkin, cast is Gene Hackman, Roy Scheider, genre is crime, drama. Release year is 1971, title is Fright, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Collinson, cast is Honor Blackman, Susan George, genre is suspense. Release year is 1971, title is Gas-s-s-s, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is Ben Vereen, Talia Shire, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Going Home, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Leonard, cast is Robert Mitchum, Brenda Vaccaro, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is The Grissom Gang, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Kim Darby, Scott Wilson, Tony Musante, genre is crime. Release year is 1971, title is A Gunfight, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is Kirk Douglas, Johnny Cash, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Hannie Caulder, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Raquel Welch, Ernest Borgnine, Robert Culp, Strother Martin, Jack Elam, Christopher Lee, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Happy Birthday, Wanda June, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Rod Steiger, Don Murray, Susannah York, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Harold and Maude, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is Bud Cort, Ruth Gordon, Vivian Pickles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is The Hellstrom Chronicle, ethnicity is American, director is Walon Green, cast is Lawrence Pressman, genre is mockumentary. Release year is 1971, title is The Hired Hand, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Fonda, cast is Peter Fonda, Warren Oates, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is The Horsemen, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Omar Sharif, Leigh Taylor-Young, Jack Palance, genre is adventure. Release year is 1971, title is The Hospital, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is George C. Scott, Diana Rigg, Barnard Hughes, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is How to Frame a Figg, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rifkin, cast is Don Knotts, Joe Flynn, Yvonne Craig, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is The Hunting Party, ethnicity is American, director is Don Medford, cast is Gene Hackman, Oliver Reed, Candice Bergen, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is The Incredible 2-Headed Transplant, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Lanza, cast is Bruce Dern, Pat Priest, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1971, title is Johnny Got His Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Dalton Trumbo, cast is Timothy Bottoms, Diane Varsi, Donald Sutherland, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1971, title is Kidnapped, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Michael Caine, Trevor Howard, Donald Pleasence, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Klute, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is Jane Fonda, Donald Sutherland, Roy Scheider, genre is mystery. Release year is 1971, title is The Last Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Dennis Hopper, cast is Dennis Hopper, Toni Basil, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is The Last Picture Show, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Bogdanovich, cast is Jeff Bridges, Timothy Bottoms, Cybill Shepherd, Cloris Leachman, Ben Johnson, Ellen Burstyn, Eileen Brennan, Randy Quaid, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is The Last Run, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is George C. Scott, Tony Musante, Trish Van Devere, genre is action. Release year is 1971, title is Lawman, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Winner, cast is Burt Lancaster, Robert Ryan, Lee J. Cobb, Sheree North, J.D. Cannon, Albert Salmi, Robert Duvall, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Le Mans, ethnicity is American, director is Lee H. Katzin, cast is Steve McQueen, Siegfried Rauch, genre is action. Release year is 1971, title is Let's Scare Jessica to Death, ethnicity is American, director is John D. Hancock, cast is Zohra Lampert, genre is horror. Release year is 1971, title is The Light at the Edge of the World, ethnicity is American, director is Kevin Billington, cast is Kirk Douglas, Yul Brynner, Samantha Eggar, genre is adventure. Release year is 1971, title is Little Murders, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Arkin, cast is Elliott Gould, Marcia Rodd, Doris Roberts, Elizabeth Wilson, Vincent Gardenia, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is The Love Machine, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Haley, Jr., cast is Dyan Cannon, John Phillip Law, Robert Ryan, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Made for Each Other, ethnicity is American, director is Robert B. Bean, cast is Renée Taylor, Joseph Bologna, Paul Sorvino, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Man in the Wilderness, ethnicity is American, director is Richard C. Sarafian, cast is Richard Harris, John Huston, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is McCabe & Mrs. Miller, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Warren Beatty, Julie Christie, William Devane, René Auberjonois, Keith Carradine, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is The Mephisto Waltz, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Alan Alda, Jacqueline Bisset, Barbara Parkins, genre is horror. Release year is 1971, title is The Million Dollar Duck, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent McEveety, cast is Dean Jones, Sandy Duncan, Tony Roberts, genre is family. Release year is 1971, title is Minnie and Moskowitz, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is John Cassavetes, Gena Rowlands, Seymour Cassel, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Mrs. Pollifax-Spy, ethnicity is American, director is Leslie H. Martinson, cast is Rosalind Russell, Darren McGavin, genre is mystery. Release year is 1971, title is Murders in the Rue Morgue, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Hessler, cast is Jason Robards, Herbert Lom, genre is suspense. Release year is 1971, title is Murphy's War, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Peter O'Toole, genre is war. Release year is 1971, title is Necromania, ethnicity is American, director is Ed Wood, cast is Maria Arnold, Ed Wood, genre is horror. Release year is 1971, title is A New Leaf, ethnicity is American, director is Elaine May, cast is Walter Matthau, Elaine May, James Coco, Jack Weston, Doris Roberts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is The Night God Screamed, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Madden, cast is Jeanne Crain, Alex Nicol, Daniel Spelling, Michael Sugich, Barbara Hancock, Dawn Cleary, Gary Morgan, genre is psychological horror. Release year is 1971, title is Night of Dark Shadows, ethnicity is American, director is Dan Curtis, cast is Kate Jackson, David Selby, Lara Parker, genre is mystery. Release year is 1971, title is Octaman, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Essex, cast is Pier Angeli, Jeff Morrow, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1971, title is The Omega Man, ethnicity is American, director is Boris Sagal, cast is Charlton Heston, Rosalind Cash, Anthony Zerbe, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1971, title is One More Train to Rob, ethnicity is American, director is Victor McLaglen, cast is George Peppard, Diana Muldaur, John Vernon, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is The Panic in Needle Park, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Schatzberg, cast is Al Pacino, Kitty Winn, Kiel Martin, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Pink Narcissus, ethnicity is American, director is James Bidgood, cast is Don Brooks, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1971, title is Play Misty for Me, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, Jessica Walter, Donna Mills, genre is thriller. Release year is 1971, title is Plaza Suite, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Walter Matthau, Lee Grant, Maureen Stapleton, Barbara Harris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Pretty Maids All in a Row, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Vadim, cast is Rock Hudson, Angie Dickinson, genre is mystery, comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Punishment Park, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Watkins, cast is Scott Turner, genre is mockumentary. Release year is 1971, title is The Pursuit of Happiness, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Michael Sarrazin, Barbara Hershey, Robert Klein, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Raid on Rommel, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Richard Burton, John Colicos, Wolfgang Preiss, genre is war. Release year is 1971, title is Red Sky at Morning, ethnicity is American, director is James Goldstone, cast is Desi Arnaz, Jr., Catherine Burns, Richard Crenna, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is The Resurrection of Zachary Wheeler, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Wynn, cast is Angie Dickinson, Bradford Dillman, Leslie Nielsen, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1971, title is The Return of Count Yorga, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Kelljan, cast is Robert Quarry, Mariette Hartley, genre is horror. Release year is 1971, title is A Safe Place, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Jaglom, cast is Jack Nicholson, Tuesday Weld, Orson Welles, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is See No Evil, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Mia Farrow, genre is suspense. Release year is 1971, title is The Seven Minutes, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Edy Williams, Yvonne De Carlo, Tom Selleck, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Shaft, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Parks, cast is Richard Roundtree, Moses Gunn, genre is crime, action. Release year is 1971, title is Shoot Out, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Hathaway, cast is Gregory Peck, James Gregory, Patricia Quinn, Jeff Corey, Susan Tyrrell, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Simon, King of the Witches, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Kessler, cast is Allyson Ames, genre is horror. Release year is 1971, title is Skin Game, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bogart, cast is James Garner, Louis Gossett, Jr., Susan Clark, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Something Big, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Dean Martin, Brian Keith, Ben Johnson, Carol White, Honor Blackman, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Sometimes a Great Notion, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Newman, cast is Paul Newman, Henry Fonda, Lee Remick, Michael Sarrazin, Richard Jaeckel, genre is adventure. Release year is 1971, title is Star Spangled Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Paris, cast is Sandy Duncan, Tony Roberts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Straw Dogs, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is Dustin Hoffman, Susan George, David Warner, genre is thriller. Release year is 1971, title is Such Good Friends, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Dyan Cannon, James Coco, Jennifer O'Neill, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1971, title is Summer of '42, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Jennifer O'Neill, Gary Grimes, Jerry Houser, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Summertree, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Newley, cast is Michael Douglas, Brenda Vaccaro, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Sunday Bloody Sunday, ethnicity is American, director is John Schlesinger, cast is Glenda Jackson, Peter Finch, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Support Your Local Gunfighter!, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is James Garner, Suzanne Pleshette, Harry Morgan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Van Peebles, cast is Melvin Van Peebles, John Amos, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1971, title is THX 1138, ethnicity is American, director is George Lucas, cast is Robert Duvall, Donald Pleasence, Ian Wolfe, Don Pedro Colley, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1971, title is T.R. Baskin, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Candice Bergen, Peter Boyle, James Caan, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Taking Off, ethnicity is American, director is Miloš Forman, cast is Lynn Carlin, Buck Henry, Georgia Engel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is There's Always Vanilla, ethnicity is American, director is George A. Romero, cast is Raymond Laine, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is They Might Be Giants, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Harvey, cast is George C. Scott, Joanne Woodward, genre is mystery. Release year is 1971, title is The Touch, ethnicity is American, director is Ingmar Bergman, cast is Elliott Gould, Bibi Andersson, Max von Sydow, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is The Touch of Satan, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Laughlin, cast is Michael Berry, genre is horror. Release year is 1971, title is Two-Lane Blacktop, ethnicity is American, director is Monte Hellman, cast is Warren Oates, James Taylor, Dennis Wilson, genre is drama. Release year is 1971, title is Valdez Is Coming, ethnicity is American, director is Edwin Sherin, cast is Burt Lancaster, Susan Clark, Jon Cypher, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Vanishing Point, ethnicity is American, director is Richard C. Sarafian, cast is Barry Newman, Cleavon Little, Dean Jagger, genre is action. Release year is 1971, title is Villain, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Tuchner, cast is Richard Burton, Ian McShane, genre is crime. Release year is 1971, title is Von Richthofen and Brown, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Corman, cast is John Phillip Law, Don Stroud, genre is war. Release year is 1971, title is Werewolves on Wheels, ethnicity is American, director is Michel Levesque, cast is Billy Gray, genre is horror, action. Release year is 1971, title is What's the Matter with Helen?, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Harrington, cast is Debbie Reynolds, Shelley Winters, Dennis Weaver, genre is thriller. Release year is 1971, title is Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why Is He Saying Those Terrible Things About Me?, ethnicity is American, director is Ulu Grosbard, cast is Dustin Hoffman, Jack Warden, Barbara Harris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1971, title is Wild Rovers, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is William Holden, Ryan O'Neal, Karl Malden, Joe Don Baker, Tom Skerritt, genre is western. Release year is 1971, title is Willard, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Bruce Davison, Ernest Borgnine, Elsa Lanchester, genre is horror. Release year is 1971, title is Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Stuart, cast is Gene Wilder, Jack Albertson, Peter Ostrum, genre is musical, fantasy. Release year is 1971, title is The Zodiac Killer, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Hanson, cast is Hal Reed, Bob Jones, Ray Lynch, Tom Pittman, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is 1776, ethnicity is American, director is Peter H. Hunt, cast is William Daniels, Howard Da Silva, Donald Madden, Ken Howard, John Cullum, Ron Holgate, Blythe Danner, genre is musical. Release year is 1972, title is Across 110th Street, ethnicity is American, director is Barry Shear, cast is Anthony Quinn, Yaphet Kotto, Tony Franciosa, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is Another Nice Mess, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Einstein, cast is Rich Little, Herb Voland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Avanti!, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Jack Lemmon, Juliet Mills, Clive Revill, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Bad Company, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Benton, cast is Jeff Bridges, Barry Brown, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Ben, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Meredith Baxter, Joseph Campanella, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is Behind the Green Door, ethnicity is American, director is Artie Mitchell, Jim Mitchell, cast is Marilyn Chambers, Johnnie Keyes, genre is adult. Release year is 1972, title is Beware! The Blob, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Hagman, cast is Robert Walker Jr., Dick Van Patten, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1972, title is The Big Bird Cage, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hill, cast is Pam Grier, Anitra Ford, Sid Haig, genre is exploitation. Release year is 1972, title is Black Rage, ethnicity is American, director is Chris Robinson, cast is Ted Cassidy, Phyllis Robinson, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Blacula, ethnicity is American, director is William Crain, cast is William Marshall, Vonetta McGee, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is Bone, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Cohen, cast is Yaphet Kotto, Andrew Duggan, Joyce Van Patten, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is Boxcar Bertha, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Barbara Hershey, David Carradine, Barry Primus, John Carradine, Bernie Casey, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Buck and the Preacher, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Poitier, cast is Sidney Poitier, Harry Belafonte, Ruby Dee, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Butterflies Are Free, ethnicity is American, director is Milton Katselas, cast is Goldie Hawn, Edward Albert, Eileen Heckart, Paul Michael Glaser, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Cabaret, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Fosse, cast is Liza Minnelli, Joel Grey, Michael York, genre is musical. Release year is 1972, title is The Candidate, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Robert Redford, Melvyn Douglas, Peter Boyle, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is The Carey Treatment, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is James Coburn, Jennifer O'Neill, genre is mystery. Release year is 1972, title is Chato's Land, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Winner, cast is Charles Bronson, Jack Palance, James Whitmore, Richard Basehart, Ralph Waite, Simon Oakland, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clark, cast is Alan Ormsby, Valerie Mamches, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is Cisco Pike, ethnicity is American, director is Bill L. Norton, cast is Kris Kristofferson, Gene Hackman, Karen Black, Harry Dean Stanton, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Come Back, Charleston Blue, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Warren, cast is Godfrey Cambridge, Raymond St. Jacques, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Conquest of the Planet of the Apes, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Roddy McDowall, Don Murray, Ricardo Montalbán, Hari Rhodes, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1972, title is Cool Breeze, ethnicity is American, director is Barry Pollack, cast is Thalmus Rasulala, Judy Pace, genre is crime. Release year is 1972, title is A Cop, ethnicity is American, director is Jean-Pierre Melville, cast is Richard Crenna, Catherine Deneuve, genre is crime. Release year is 1972, title is Corky, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard Horn, cast is Robert Blake, Charlotte Rampling, Patrick O'Neal, Christopher Connelly, genre is action. Release year is 1972, title is The Cowboys, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Rydell, cast is John Wayne, Bruce Dern, Roscoe Lee Browne, Robert Carradine, A Martinez, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Deep Throat, ethnicity is American, director is Gerard Damiano, cast is Linda Lovelace, Harry Reems, genre is adult. Release year is 1972, title is Deliverance, ethnicity is American, director is John Boorman, cast is Jon Voight, Burt Reynolds, Ned Beatty, Ronny Cox, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Dr. Phibes Rises Again, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Fuest, cast is Vincent Price, Peter Cushing, Robert Quarry, Beryl Reid, Fiona Lewis, Terry-Thomas, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Newman, cast is Joanne Woodward, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Endless Night, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Gilliat, cast is Hayley Mills, Britt Eklund, genre is mystery. Release year is 1972, title is Fat City, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Jeff Bridges, Stacy Keach, Susan Tyrrell, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Fritz the Cat, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Bakshi, cast is Skip Hinnant, genre is animated, adult. Release year is 1972, title is Frogs, ethnicity is American, director is George McCowan, cast is Ray Milland, Sam Elliott, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is Fuzz, ethnicity is American, director is Richard A. Colla, cast is Burt Reynolds, Raquel Welch, Yul Brynner, Jack Weston, Tom Skerritt, genre is action comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Get to Know Your Rabbit, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Tom Smothers, Katharine Ross, Orson Welles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is The Getaway, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is Steve McQueen, Ali MacGraw, Al Lettieri, Ben Johnson, Sally Struthers, Jack Dodson, Bo Hopkins, Dub Taylor, Slim Pickens, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is The Godfather, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall, John Cazale, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Richard Castellano, Richard Conte, Sterling Hayden, Al Lettieri, Gianni Russo, Abe Vigoda, John Marley, Alex Rocco, Al Martino, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is Grave of the Vampire, ethnicity is American, director is John Hayes, cast is William Smith, Lyn Peters, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is The Great Northfield Minnesota Raid, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Kaufman, cast is Cliff Robertson, Robert Duvall, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Hammer, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce D. Clark, cast is Fred Williamson, Bernie Hamilton, Vonetta McGee, genre is action. Release year is 1972, title is Hammersmith Is Out, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Ustinov, cast is Richard Burton, Elizabeth Taylor, Peter Ustinov, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is The Heartbreak Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Elaine May, cast is Charles Grodin, Cybill Shepherd, Jeannie Berlin, Eddie Albert, Audra Lindley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Morrissey, cast is Joe Dallesandro, Sylvia Miles, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Hickey & Boggs, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Culp, cast is Bill Cosby, Robert Culp, genre is crime. Release year is 1972, title is Hit Man, ethnicity is American, director is George Armitage, cast is Bernie Casey, Pam Grier, genre is crime. Release year is 1972, title is The Hot Rock, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Robert Redford, George Segal, Zero Mostel, genre is crime. Release year is 1972, title is Images, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Susannah York, René Auberjonois, genre is thriller. Release year is 1972, title is J.W. Coop, ethnicity is American, director is Cliff Robertson, cast is Cliff Robertson, Geraldine Page, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Jeremiah Johnson, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Robert Redford, Will Geer, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Joe Kidd, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Clint Eastwood, Robert Duvall, John Saxon, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Journey Back to Oz, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Sutherland, cast is Milton Berle, Herschel Bernardi, Margaret Hamilton, genre is animation. Release year is 1972, title is Junior Bonner, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is Steve McQueen, Robert Preston, Ida Lupino, Joe Don Baker, Barbara Leigh, Ben Johnson, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Kansas City Bomber, ethnicity is American, director is Jerrold Freedman, cast is Raquel Welch, Kevin McCarthy, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is The King of Marvin Gardens, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Rafelson, cast is Jack Nicholson, Ellen Burstyn, Bruce Dern, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Lady Sings the Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney J. Furie, cast is Diana Ross, Billy Dee Williams, Richard Pryor, genre is biography. Release year is 1972, title is The Last House on the Left, ethnicity is American, director is Wes Craven, cast is Sandra Cassel, David A. Hess, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is Last of the Red Hot Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Saks, cast is Alan Arkin, Sally Kellerman, Paula Prentiss, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is The Legend of Boggy Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Charles B. Pierce, cast is William Stumpp, genre is mystery. Release year is 1972, title is The Legend of Nigger Charley aka Legend of Black Charley, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Goldman, cast is Fred Williamson, D'Urville Martin, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Paul Newman, Anthony Perkins, Victoria Principal, Jacqueline Bisset, John Huston, Ava Gardner, genre is western, biography. Release year is 1972, title is Limbo, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Robson, cast is Kathleen Nolan, Kate Jackson, Stuart Margolin, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Los Amigos, ethnicity is American, director is Paolo Cavara, cast is Anthony Quinn, Franco Nero, Pamela Tiffin, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is The Magnificent Seven Ride, ethnicity is American, director is George McGowan, cast is Lee Van Cleef, George Kennedy, Stefanie Powers, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is The Man, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is James Earl Jones, Martin Balsam, Barbara Rush, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Man of La Mancha, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Peter O'Toole, Sophia Loren, James Coco, genre is musical. Release year is 1972, title is The Mechanic, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Winner, cast is Charles Bronson, Jan-Michael Vincent, genre is action. Release year is 1972, title is Melinda, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh A. Robertson, cast is Calvin Lockhart, Vonetta McGee, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Napoleon and Samantha, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard McEveety, cast is Michael Douglas, Jodie Foster, genre is adventure. Release year is 1972, title is Necromancy, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Orson Welles, Lee Purcell, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is The New Centurions, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is George C. Scott, Stacy Keach, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is Night of the Lepus, ethnicity is American, director is William F. Claxton, cast is Stuart Whitman, Janet Leigh, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is Now You See Him, Now You Don't, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Butler, cast is Kurt Russell, Joe Flynn, genre is sci-fi, comedy. Release year is 1972, title is The Offence, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Sean Connery, Trevor Howard, Vivien Merchant, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is One Is a Lonely Number, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Stuart, cast is Trish Van Devere, Monte Markham, Janet Leigh, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is The Other, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Uta Hagen, Diana Muldaur, John Ritter, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is Pancho Villa, ethnicity is American, director is Eugenio Martin, cast is Telly Savalas, Clint Walker, Chuck Connors, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Payday, ethnicity is American, director is Daryl Duke, cast is Rip Torn, Ahna Capri, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Pete 'n' Tillie, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Walter Matthau, Carol Burnett, Geraldine Page, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1972, title is Pink Flamingos, ethnicity is American, director is John Waters, cast is Divine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Play It Again, Sam, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Woody Allen, Diane Keaton, Tony Roberts, Susan Anspach, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Play It as It Lays, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Tuesday Weld, Anthony Perkins, Adam Roarke, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Pocket Money, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Paul Newman, Lee Marvin, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Portnoy's Complaint, ethnicity is American, director is Ernest Lehman, cast is Richard Benjamin, Karen Black, Lee Grant, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1972, title is The Poseidon Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is Gene Hackman, Ernest Borgnine, Shelley Winters, Stella Stevens, Roddy McDowall, Carol Lynley, Pamela Sue Martin, Red Buttons, Jack Albertson, genre is disaster film, adventure. Release year is 1972, title is The Possession of Joel Delaney, ethnicity is American, director is Waris Hussein, cast is Shirley MacLaine, Perry King, Michael Hordern, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is Prime Cut, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Lee Marvin, Gene Hackman, Sissy Spacek, Angel Tompkins, genre is drama, action. Release year is 1972, title is Private Parts, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bartel, cast is Stanley Livingston, genre is horror. Release year is 1972, title is Rage, ethnicity is American, director is George C. Scott, cast is George C. Scott, Martin Sheen, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Red Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Terence Young, cast is Charles Bronson, Ursula Andress, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is A Reflection of Fear, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Fraker, cast is Robert Shaw, Sondra Locke, Sally Kellerman, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is The Revengers, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is William Holden, Ernest Borgnine, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is The Salzburg Connection, ethnicity is American, director is Lee H. Katzin, cast is Barry Newman, Anna Karina, Klaus Maria Brandauer, genre is thriller. Release year is 1972, title is Shaft's Big Score, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Parks, cast is Richard Roundtree, Moses Gunn, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is Silent Running, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Trumbull, cast is Bruce Dern, Ron Rifkin, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1972, title is Sitting Target, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Hickox, cast is Oliver Reed, Jill St. John, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Skyjacked, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is Charlton Heston, Yvette Mimieux, James Brolin, Jeanne Crain, Walter Pidgeon, Roosevelt Grier, Leslie Uggams, genre is disaster film. Release year is 1972, title is Slaughter, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Starrett, cast is Jim Brown, Rip Torn, Stella Stevens, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is Slaughterhouse-Five, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Michael Sacks, Valerie Perrine, genre is sci-fi, drama. Release year is 1972, title is Snoopy, Come Home, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Meléndez, cast is Voices of Chad Webber, Robin Kohn, Hilary Momberger, Johanna Baer, genre is animated. Release year is 1972, title is Snowball Express, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is Nancy Olson, Dean Jones, genre is family. Release year is 1972, title is Sounder, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Cicely Tyson, Paul Winfield, Kevin Hooks, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is The Summertime Killer, ethnicity is American, director is Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi, cast is Olivia Hussey, Christopher Mitchum, Karl Malden, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is Super Fly, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Parks Junior, cast is Ron O'Neal, Julius Harris, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is They Only Kill Their Masters, ethnicity is American, director is James Goldstone, cast is James Garner. Katharine Ross, genre is mystery. Release year is 1972, title is The Thing with Two Heads, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Frost, cast is Ray Milland, Roosevelt Grier, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1972, title is Thumb Tripping, ethnicity is American, director is Quentin Masters, cast is Bruce Dern, Meg Foster, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is To Find a Man, ethnicity is American, director is Buzz Kulik, cast is Pamela Sue Martin, Darren O'Connor, Tom Bosley, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Tomorrow, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Anthony, cast is Robert Duvall, Peter Masterson, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is Travels with My Aunt, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Maggie Smith, Louis Gossett, Jr., genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is Treasure Island, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Sutherland, cast is Richard Dawson, Davy Jones, Dal McKennon, genre is adventure. Release year is 1972, title is Treasure Island, ethnicity is American, director is John Hough, cast is Orson Welles, Lionel Stander, Walter Slezak, genre is adventure. Release year is 1972, title is Trouble Man, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Dixon, cast is Robert Hooks, Paula Kelly, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1972, title is Ulzana's Raid, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Burt Lancaster, Bruce Davison, Richard Jaeckel, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is Up the Sandbox, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Kershner, cast is Barbra Streisand, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is The Visitors, ethnicity is American, director is Elia Kazan, cast is Patrick McVey, Patricia Joyce, James Woods, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is The War Between Men and Women, ethnicity is American, director is Melville Shavelson, cast is Jack Lemmon, Barbara Harris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1972, title is When the Legends Die, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Millar, cast is Richard Widmark, Frederic Forrest, genre is drama. Release year is 1972, title is The Woman Hunter, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard L. Kowalski, cast is Barbara Eden, Robert Vaughn, genre is mystery. Release year is 1972, title is The Wrath of God, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Robert Mitchum, Frank Langella, Rita Hayworth, genre is western. Release year is 1972, title is You'll Like My Mother, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is Patty Duke, Rosemary Murphy, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is 40 Carats, ethnicity is American, director is Milton Katselas, cast is Edward Albert, Liv Ullmann, Binnie Barnes, Gene Kelly, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1973, title is Ace Eli and Rodger of the Skies, ethnicity is American, director is John Erman, cast is Cliff Robertson, Pamela Franklin, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is The All-American Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Eastman, cast is Jon Voight, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is American Graffiti, ethnicity is American, director is George Lucas, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Ron Howard, Candy Clark, Harrison Ford, Cindy Williams, Paul Le Mat, Mackenzie Phillips, Charles Martin Smith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1973, title is Ash Wednesday, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Peerce, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Henry Fonda, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is The Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Post, cast is Anjanette Comer, Ruth Roman, Marianna Hill, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is Badge 373, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Koch, cast is Robert Duvall, Verna Bloom, genre is crime. Release year is 1973, title is Bang the Drum Slowly, ethnicity is American, director is John D. Hancock, cast is Robert De Niro, Michael Moriarty, Vincent Gardenia, Phil Foster, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Battle for the Planet of the Apes, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Roddy McDowall, John Huston, Claude Akins, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1973, title is Black Caesar, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Cohen, cast is Fred Williamson, Gloria Hendry, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Blackenstein, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Levey, cast is John Hart, Liz Renay, genre is blaxploitation. Release year is 1973, title is Blume in Love, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Mazursky, cast is George Segal, Susan Anspach, Kris Kristofferson, Shelley Winters, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1973, title is Book of Numbers, ethnicity is American, director is Raymond St. Jacques, cast is Raymond St. Jacques, Philip Michael Thomas, Freda Payne, Hope Clarke, genre is crime. Release year is 1973, title is The Boy Who Cried Werewolf, ethnicity is American, director is Nathan Juran, cast is Robert J. Wilke, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is Breezy, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is William Holden, Kay Lenz, genre is romance. Release year is 1973, title is Cahill U.S. Marshal, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is John Wayne, Gary Grimes, George Kennedy, Neville Brand, genre is western. Release year is 1973, title is The Candy Snatchers, ethnicity is American, director is Guerdon Trueblood, cast is Tiffany Bolling, genre is exploitation. Release year is 1973, title is Charley and the Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent McEveety, cast is Fred MacMurray, Cloris Leachman, Kurt Russell, genre is family. Release year is 1973, title is Charley Varrick, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Walter Matthau, Joe Don Baker, John Vernon, Andrew Robinson, Felicia Farr, Norman Fell, Jacqueline Scott, Sheree North, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Charlotte's Web, ethnicity is American, director is Charles A. Nichols, cast is Voices of Debbie Reynolds, Paul Lynde, Henry Gibson, Pamelyn Ferdin, genre is animated. Release year is 1973, title is Cinderella Liberty, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Rydell, cast is James Caan, Marsha Mason, Eli Wallach, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Class of '44, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bogart, cast is Gary Grimes, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Cleopatra Jones, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Starrett, cast is Tamara Dobson, Antonio Fargas, Shelley Winters, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Coffy, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hill, cast is Pam Grier, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Cops and Robbers, ethnicity is American, director is Aram Avakian, cast is Joseph Bologna, Cliff Gorman, genre is crime, comedy. Release year is 1973, title is The Crazies, ethnicity is American, director is George A. Romero, cast is Lynn Lowry, Lane Carroll, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is The Day of the Dolphin, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Nichols, cast is George C. Scott, Trish Van Devere, Paul Sorvino, Fritz Weaver, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is A Delicate Balance, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Richardson, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Paul Scofield, Lee Remick, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Detroit 9000, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Marks, cast is Alex Rocco, Hari Rhodes, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Dillinger, ethnicity is American, director is John Milius, cast is Warren Oates, Harry Dean Stanton, Geoffrey Lewis, Ben Johnson, Richard Dreyfuss, Steve Kanaly, Cloris Leachman, genre is biography, crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is The Doll Squad, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Mikels, cast is Francine York, Anthony Eisley, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is The Don Is Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Anthony Quinn, Angel Tompkins, Robert Forster, Al Lettieri, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is John Newland, cast is Kim Darby, Jim Hutton, William Demarest, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is Don't Play Us Cheap, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Van Peebles, cast is Esther Rolle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1973, title is Electra Glide in Blue, ethnicity is American, director is James William Guercio, cast is Robert Blake, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Emperor of the North, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Lee Marvin, Ernest Borgnine, Keith Carradine, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Encounter with the Unknown, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Thomason, cast is Rod Serling, Robert Ginnaven, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is Enter the Dragon, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Clouse, cast is Bruce Lee, John Saxon, Jim Kelly, genre is martial arts. Release year is 1973, title is Executive Action, ethnicity is American, director is David Miller, cast is Burt Lancaster, Will Geer, genre is docudrama. Release year is 1973, title is The Exorcist, ethnicity is American, director is William Friedkin, cast is Ellen Burstyn, Linda Blair, Jason Miller, Max von Sydow, Kitty Winn, Lee J. Cobb, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is Five on the Black Hand Side, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Williams, cast is D'Urville Martin, Glynn Turman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1973, title is Forced Entry, ethnicity is American, director is Shaun Costello, cast is Harry Reems, genre is adult. Release year is 1973, title is The Forgotten aka Don't Look in the Basement, ethnicity is American, director is S.F. Brownrigg, cast is Jessie Lee Fulton, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is The Friends of Eddie Coyle, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Robert Mitchum, Peter Boyle, Richard Jordan, Steven Keats, Alex Rocco, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Ganja & Hess, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Gunn, cast is Bill Gunn, Duane Jones, Marlene Clark, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is Godspell, ethnicity is American, director is David Greene, cast is Victor Garber, genre is musical. Release year is 1973, title is The Golden Voyage of Sinbad, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Hessler, cast is John Phillip Law, Caroline Munro, genre is adventure. Release year is 1973, title is Happy Mother's Day, Love George, ethnicity is American, director is Darren McGavin, cast is Patricia Neal, Cloris Leachman, Bobby Darin, genre is thriller. Release year is 1973, title is Harry in Your Pocket, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Geller, cast is James Coburn, Michael Sarrazin, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Heavy Traffic, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Bakshi, cast is Joseph Kaufmann, Jamie Farr (voices), genre is animated. Release year is 1973, title is Hell Up in Harlem, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Cohen, cast is Fred Williamson, Julius Harris, Gloria Hendry, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is High Plains Drifter, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, Geoffrey Lewis, Verna Bloom, Marianna Hill, Mitchell Ryan, genre is western. Release year is 1973, title is Idaho Transfer, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Fonda, cast is Keith Carradine, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1973, title is Invasion of the Bee Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Denis Sanders, cast is Anitra Ford, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1973, title is Jesus Christ Superstar, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Ted Neeley, Carl Anderson, genre is musical. Release year is 1973, title is Jeremy, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Barron, cast is Robby Benson, Glynnis O'Connor, genre is romance. Release year is 1973, title is Kid Blue, ethnicity is American, director is James Frawley, cast is Dennis Hopper, Warren Oates, Peter Boyle, genre is western. Release year is 1973, title is The Last American Hero, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is Jeff Bridges, Valerie Perrine, Ned Beatty, genre is biography. Release year is 1973, title is The Last Detail, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is Jack Nicholson, Otis Young, Randy Quaid, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1973, title is The Last of Sheila, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is James Coburn, Raquel Welch, Dyan Cannon, James Mason, Joan Hackett, Richard Benjamin, Ian McShane, genre is mystery. Release year is 1973, title is The Laughing Policeman, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Walter Matthau, Bruce Dern, Louis Gossett, Jr., Joanna Cassidy, Cathy Lee Crosby, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Lolly-Madonna XXX, ethnicity is American, director is Richard C. Sarafian, cast is Rod Steiger, Robert Ryan, Jeff Bridges, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is The Long Goodbye, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Elliott Gould, Sterling Hayden, Henry Gibson, Nina van Pallandt, Jim Bouton, Mark Rydell, genre is mystery. Release year is 1973, title is Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is Maggie Smith, Timothy Bottoms, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Luther, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Green, cast is Stacy Keach, Patrick Magee, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1973, title is The Mack, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Campus, cast is Max Julien, Richard Pryor, Roger E. Mosley, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is The Mackintosh Man, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Paul Newman, James Mason, genre is thriller. Release year is 1973, title is Magnum Force, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Post, cast is Clint Eastwood, Hal Holbrook, Tim Matheson, David Soul, Robert Urich, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Maurie, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Mann, cast is Bernie Casey, Bo Svenson, genre is sports drama. Release year is 1973, title is Mean Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Robert De Niro, Harvey Keitel, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Messiah of Evil aka Dead People, ethnicity is American, director is Willard Huyck, cast is Elisha Cook, Jr., Anitra Ford, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is The Neptune Factor, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Ben Gazzara, Yvette Mimieux, Walter Pidgeon, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1973, title is The No Mercy Man, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Vance, cast is Sid Haig, Ron Thompson, genre is action. Release year is 1973, title is Oklahoma Crude, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is George C. Scott, Faye Dunaway, John Mills, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is The Outfit, ethnicity is American, director is John Flynn, cast is Robert Duvall, Karen Black, Joe Don Baker, Sheree North, Robert Ryan, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is The Paper Chase, ethnicity is American, director is James Bridges, cast is Timothy Bottoms, Lindsay Wagner, John Houseman, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Paper Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Bogdanovich, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Tatum O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1973, title is Papillon, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is Steve McQueen, Dustin Hoffman, genre is adventure. Release year is 1973, title is Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is James Coburn, Kris Kristofferson, Bob Dylan, John Beck, Slim Pickens, Katy Jurado, Jack Elam, Chill Wills, genre is western, biography. Release year is 1973, title is Please Don't Eat My Mother, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Monson, cast is Buck Kartalian, Rene Bond, genre is comedy. Release year is 1973, title is The Return of Charlie Chan, ethnicity is American, director is Daryl Duke, cast is Ross Martin, Richard Haydn, genre is mystery. Release year is 1973, title is Robin Hood, ethnicity is American, director is Wolfgang Reitherman, cast is voices of Peter Ustinov, Terry-Thomas, genre is animated film. Release year is 1973, title is The Roommates, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Marks, cast is Marki Bey, Pat Woodell, genre is thriller. Release year is 1973, title is SSSSSSS, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard L. Kowalski, cast is Strother Martin, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is Save the Tiger, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Jack Lemmon, Jack Gilford, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Scarecrow, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Schatzberg, cast is Gene Hackman, Al Pacino, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Scorpio, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Winner, cast is Burt Lancaster, Alain Delon, Paul Scofield, genre is thriller. Release year is 1973, title is Scream Blacula Scream, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Kelljan, cast is William Marshall, Pam Grier, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is Serpico, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Al Pacino, John Randolph, Tony Roberts, genre is crime, biography. Release year is 1973, title is The Seven-Ups, ethnicity is American, director is Philip D'Antoni, cast is Roy Scheider, Tony Lo Bianco, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Shaft in Africa, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is Richard Roundtree, genre is action. Release year is 1973, title is Shamus, ethnicity is American, director is Buzz Kulik, cast is Burt Reynolds, Dyan Cannon, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1973, title is Showdown, ethnicity is American, director is George Seaton, cast is Dean Martin, Rock Hudson, Susan Clark, genre is western. Release year is 1973, title is Sisters, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Margot Kidder, Jennifer Salt, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is Slaughter's Big Rip-Off, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Jim Brown, Ed McMahon, Brock Peters, genre is blaxploitation. Release year is 1973, title is Sleeper, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Woody Allen, Diane Keaton, genre is sci-fi comedy. Release year is 1973, title is Slither, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Zieff, cast is James Caan, Sally Kellerman, Peter Boyle, genre is crime. Release year is 1973, title is Some Call It Loving, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Harris, cast is Zalman King, Richard Pryor, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Soylent Green, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Charlton Heston, Leigh Taylor-Young, Chuck Connors, Edward G. Robinson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1973, title is The Spook Who Sat By the Door, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Dixon, cast is Lawrence Cook, J. A. Preston, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Steelyard Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Myerson, cast is Jane Fonda, Donald Sutherland, Peter Boyle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1973, title is The Sting, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Paul Newman, Robert Redford, Robert Shaw, Eileen Brennan, Ray Walston, Jack Kehoe, Charles Durning, Dana Elcar, Harold Gould, Robert Earl Jones, Dimitra Arliss, Sally Kirkland, genre is crime, comedy. Release year is 1973, title is The Stone Killer, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Winner, cast is Charles Bronson, Martin Balsam, Paul Koslo, genre is crime. Release year is 1973, title is Summer Wishes, Winter Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Gilbert Cates, cast is Joanne Woodward, Martin Balsam, Sylvia Sidney, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Superdad, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent McEveety, cast is Bob Crane, Barbara Rush, Kurt Russell, genre is family. Release year is 1973, title is Sweet Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Hanson, cast is Tab Hunter, Isabel Jewell, John Aprea, genre is thriller. Release year is 1973, title is Terminal Island, ethnicity is American, director is Stephanie Rothman, cast is Phyllis Davis, Marta Kristen, genre is action. Release year is 1973, title is The Thief Who Came to Dinner, ethnicity is American, director is Bud Yorkin, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Jacqueline Bisset, Warren Oates, Ned Beatty, Jill Clayburgh, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1973, title is The Three Musketeers, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Oliver Reed, Michael York, Richard Chamberlain, Raquel Welch, genre is adventure. Release year is 1973, title is Tom Sawyer, ethnicity is American, director is Don Taylor, cast is Jodie Foster, Warren Oates, genre is musical. Release year is 1973, title is The Train Robbers, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is John Wayne, Ann-Margret, Rod Taylor, Bobby Vinton, genre is western. Release year is 1973, title is Two People, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is Peter Fonda, Lindsay Wagner, genre is drama. Release year is 1973, title is Walking Tall, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Joe Don Baker, Noah Beery, Jr., genre is crime, action. Release year is 1973, title is The Way We Were, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Barbra Streisand, Robert Redford, Bradford Dillman, Susan Blakely, Patrick O'Neal, Lois Chiles, genre is romance. Release year is 1973, title is The Werewolf of Washington, ethnicity is American, director is Milton Moses Ginsberg, cast is Dean Stockwell, genre is horror, comedy. Release year is 1973, title is Westworld, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Crichton, cast is Yul Brynner, Richard Benjamin, James Brolin, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1973, title is White Lightning, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is Burt Reynolds, Ned Beatty, Bo Hopkins, genre is action. Release year is 1973, title is Wicked, Wicked, ethnicity is American, director is Richard L. Bare, cast is David Bailey, Tiffany Bolling, genre is horror. Release year is 1973, title is The World's Greatest Athlete, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Scheerer, cast is John Amos, Tim Conway, Jan-Michael Vincent, genre is family. Release year is 1975, title is The Candy Tangerine Man, ethnicity is American, director is Matt Cimber, cast is John Daniels, Eli Haines, Tom Hankason, genre is action. Release year is 1975, title is Capone, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Carver, cast is Ben Gazzara, Susan Blakely, John Cassavetes, Sylvester Stallone, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1975, title is Cleopatra Jones and the Casino of Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Bail, cast is Tamara Dobson, Stella Stevens, genre is action. Release year is 1975, title is Conduct Unbecoming, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is Stacy Keach, Richard Attenborough, Christopher Plummer, Michael York, Susannah York, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is Cooley High, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Schultz, cast is Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs, Glynn Turman, Garrett Morris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Coonskin aka Street Fight, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Bakshi, cast is Voices of Philip Michael Thomas, Barry White, Scatman Crothers, Charles Gordone, genre is animated. Release year is 1975, title is Crazy Mama, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Demme, cast is Cloris Leachman, Stuart Whitman, Ann Sothern, Donny Most, Linda Purl, genre is action comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Death Race 2000, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bartel, cast is David Carradine, Sylvester Stallone, genre is action. Release year is 1975, title is The Devil's Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Fuest, cast is Ernest Borgnine, Ida Lupino, William Shatner, genre is horror. Release year is 1975, title is Diamonds, ethnicity is American, director is Menahem Golan, cast is Robert Shaw, Richard Roundtree, Shelley Winters, Barbara Hershey, genre is crime. Release year is 1975, title is Doc Savage: The Man of Bronze, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is Ron Ely, Paul Gleason, genre is adventure. Release year is 1975, title is Dog Day Afternoon, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Al Pacino, John Cazale, Charles Durning, Chris Sarandon, James Broderick, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1975, title is Dolemite, ethnicity is American, director is D'Urville Martin, cast is Rudy Ray Moore, D'Urville Martin, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1975, title is The Eiger Sanction, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, George Kennedy, Jack Cassidy, Vonetta McGee, Gregory Walcott, genre is thriller. Release year is 1975, title is Farewell, My Lovely, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Richards, cast is Robert Mitchum, Charlotte Rampling, John Ireland, Sylvia Miles, Harry Dean Stanton, genre is mystery. Release year is 1975, title is Fore Play, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Zero Mostel, Estelle Parsons, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is The Fortune, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Nichols, cast is Warren Beatty, Jack Nicholson, Stockard Channing, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Framed, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Karlson, cast is Joe Don Baker, Conny Van Dyke, John Marley, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1975, title is French Connection II, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Gene Hackman, Fernando Rey, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1975, title is Friday Foster, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Marks, cast is Pam Grier, Yaphet Kotto, Eartha Kitt, genre is action. Release year is 1975, title is The Giant Spider Invasion, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Rebane, cast is Steve Brodie, Alan Hale, Jr., genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1975, title is Gone with the West, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Girard, cast is James Caan, Stefanie Powers, genre is western. Release year is 1975, title is The Great Waldo Pepper, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Robert Redford, Susan Sarandon, Margot Kidder, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is The Happy Hooker, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Sgarro, cast is Lynn Redgrave, Jean-Pierre Aumont, Conrad Janis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Hard Times, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Charles Bronson, James Coburn, Jill Ireland, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is Hearts of the West, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Zieff, cast is Jeff Bridges, Andy Griffith, Donald Pleasence, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Hester Street, ethnicity is American, director is Joan Micklin Silver, cast is Carol Kane, Steven Keats, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is The Hiding Place, ethnicity is American, director is James F. Collier, cast is Julie Harris, Eileen Heckart, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is The Hindenburg, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is George C. Scott, Anne Bancroft, Roy Thinnes, Charles Durning, Gig Young, genre is thriller. Release year is 1975, title is Hustle, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Burt Reynolds, Catherine Deneuve, Ben Johnson, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1975, title is Inserts, ethnicity is American, director is John Byrum, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Veronica Cartwright, Jessica Harper, Bob Hoskins, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is I Wonder Who's Killing Her Now?, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Hilliard Stern, cast is Bill Dana, Bob Dishy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Jaws, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Richard Dreyfuss, genre is thriller, adventure. Release year is 1975, title is The Killer Elite, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is James Caan, Robert Duvall, Burt Young, Mako, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1975, title is The Land That Time Forgot, ethnicity is American, director is Kevin Connor, cast is Doug McClure, genre is adventure. Release year is 1975, title is Let's Do It Again, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Poitier, cast is Sidney Poitier, Bill Cosby, Ossie Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Love and Death, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Woody Allen, Diane Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Lucky Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Liza Minnelli, Burt Reynolds, Gene Hackman, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Mackintosh and T.J., ethnicity is American, director is Marvin J. Chomsky, cast is Roy Rogers, Joan Hackett, genre is family. Release year is 1975, title is Man Friday, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Gold, cast is Peter O'Toole, Richard Roundtree, genre is adventure. Release year is 1975, title is The Man in the Glass Booth, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Maximilian Schell, Lois Nettleton, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1975, title is The Man Who Would Be King, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Sean Connery, Michael Caine, Christopher Plummer, genre is adventure. Release year is 1975, title is Mandingo, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is James Mason, Susan George, Ken Norton, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is The Master Gunfighter, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Laughlin, cast is Tom Laughlin, Ron O'Neal, genre is western. Release year is 1975, title is Milestones, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Kramer, cast is Grace Paley, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is Mitchell, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Joe Don Baker, Martin Balsam, Linda Evans, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1975, title is Moonrunners, ethnicity is American, director is Gy Waldron, cast is James Mitchum, Waylon Jennings, genre is action. Release year is 1975, title is Mr. Ricco, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bogart, cast is Dean Martin, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1975, title is Naked Came The Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is Radley Metzger, cast is Alan Marlow, Darby Lloyd Rains, David Savage, genre is adult film. Release year is 1975, title is Nashville, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Keith Carradine, Karen Black, Ned Beatty, Ronee Blakley, Lily Tomlin, Barbara Harris, Gwen Welles, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1975, title is Night Moves, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Gene Hackman, Susan Clark, Melanie Griffith, James Woods, Jennifer Warren, Harris Yulin, genre is mystery. Release year is 1975, title is Once Is Not Enough, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Green, cast is Kirk Douglas, Alexis Smith, David Janssen, Deborah Raffin, Brenda Vaccaro, George Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, ethnicity is American, director is Miloš Forman, cast is Jack Nicholson, Louise Fletcher, Brad Dourif, Danny DeVito, William Redfield, Will Sampson, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is One of Our Dinosaurs Is Missing, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Peter Ustinov, Helen Hayes, genre is family. Release year is 1975, title is Out of Season, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Bridges, cast is Vanessa Redgrave, Cliff Robertson, Susan George, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is Permission to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Cyril Frankel, cast is Dirk Bogarde, Ava Gardner, genre is thriller. Release year is 1975, title is Posse, ethnicity is American, director is Kirk Douglas, cast is Kirk Douglas, Bruce Dern, Bo Hopkins, genre is western. Release year is 1975, title is The Prisoner of Second Avenue, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, cast is Jack Lemmon, Anne Bancroft, Gene Saks, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is Queen of the Stardust Ballroom, ethnicity is American, director is Sam O'Steen, cast is Maureen Stapleton, Charles Durning, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is Race with the Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Starrett, cast is Peter Fonda, Warren Oates, genre is thriller. Release year is 1975, title is Rafferty and the Gold Dust Twins, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Richards, cast is Sally Kellerman, Alan Arkin, Mackenzie Phillips, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Rancho Deluxe, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Jeff Bridges, Sam Waterston, Elizabeth Ashley, Harry Dean Stanton, Clifton James, Slim Pickens, genre is comedy western. Release year is 1975, title is The Reincarnation of Peter Proud, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Michael Sarrazin, Margot Kidder, Jennifer O'Neill, genre is horror. Release year is 1975, title is Return to Macon County, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Compton, cast is Nick Nolte, Don Johnson, Robin Mattson, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is Return of the Pink Panther, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Peter Sellers, Catherine Schell, Herbert Lom, Christopher Plummer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is The Rocky Horror Picture Show, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Sharman, cast is Tim Curry, Susan Sarandon, Barry Bostwick, genre is musical, comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Rollerball, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is James Caan, John Beck, John Houseman, genre is sci-fi, action. Release year is 1975, title is The Romantic Englishwoman, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Losey, cast is Glenda Jackson, Michael Caine, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is Rooster Cogburn, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Millar, cast is John Wayne, Katharine Hepburn, genre is western. Release year is 1975, title is Rosebud, ethnicity is American, director is Otto Preminger, cast is Peter O'Toole, Peter Lawford, genre is suspense. Release year is 1975, title is Royal Flash, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Oliver Reed, Malcolm McDowell, genre is adventure. Release year is 1975, title is Shampoo, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is Warren Beatty, Julie Christie, Goldie Hawn, Jack Warden, Lee Grant, Carrie Fisher, Tony Bill, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is Smile, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Barbara Feldon, Bruce Dern, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is The Spiral Staircase, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Collinson, cast is Jacqueline Bisset, Christopher Plummer, genre is mystery. Release year is 1975, title is The Stepford Wives, ethnicity is American, director is Bryan Forbes, cast is Katharine Ross, Paula Prentiss, Tina Louise, genre is science-fiction, thriller. Release year is 1975, title is The Strongest Man in the World, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent McEveety, cast is Kurt Russell, Joe Flynn, Phil Silvers, genre is family. Release year is 1975, title is The Sunshine Boys, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Walter Matthau, George Burns, Richard Benjamin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Supervixens, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Charles Napier, Shari Eubank, Uschi Digard, genre is sexploitation. Release year is 1975, title is Take a Hard Ride, ethnicity is American, director is Antonio Margheriti, cast is Jim Brown, Lee Van Cleef, Fred Williamson, genre is western. Release year is 1975, title is That Lucky Touch, ethnicity is American, director is Christopher Miles, cast is Roger Moore, Lee J. Cobb, Susannah York, genre is comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Three Days of the Condor, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Robert Redford, Faye Dunaway, Cliff Robertson, genre is thriller. Release year is 1975, title is Thundercrack!, ethnicity is American, director is Curt McDowell, cast is Marion Eaton, George Kuchar, genre is adult, horror. Release year is 1975, title is Tubby the Tuba, ethnicity is American, director is Alexander Schure, cast is Voices of Dick Van Dyke, Jack Gilford, genre is animated. Release year is 1975, title is W.W. and the Dixie Dancekings, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Burt Reynolds, Conny Van Dyke, Ned Beatty, Jerry Reed, Art Carney, genre is action comedy. Release year is 1975, title is Walking Tall Part 2, ethnicity is American, director is Earl Bellamy, cast is Bo Svenson, genre is action. Release year is 1975, title is The Werewolf of Woodstock, ethnicity is American, director is John Moffitt, cast is Tige Andrews, Michael Parks, genre is horror. Release year is 1975, title is White Line Fever, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Kaplan, cast is Jan-Michael Vincent, Slim Pickens, L. Q. Jones, genre is action. Release year is 1975, title is The Wild Party, ethnicity is American, director is James Ivory, cast is Raquel Welch, James Coco, Perry King, genre is drama. Release year is 1975, title is The Wind and the Lion, ethnicity is American, director is John Milius, cast is Sean Connery, Candice Bergen, John Huston, Geoffrey Lewis, Brian Keith, genre is adventure. Release year is 1976, title is Across the Great Divide, ethnicity is American, director is Stewart Raffill, cast is Heather Rattray, genre is family. Release year is 1976, title is Alice, Sweet Alice, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Sole, cast is Linda Miller, Brooke Shields, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is All the President's Men, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is Robert Redford, Dustin Hoffman, Jason Robards, Jack Warden, Hal Holbrook, Stephen Collins, Jane Alexander, Martin Balsam, Ned Beatty, Lindsay Crouse, genre is drama, biographical. Release year is 1976, title is Assault on Precinct 13, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Austin Stoker, Darwin Joston, Charles Cyphers, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is At the Earth's Core, ethnicity is American, director is Kevin Connor, cast is Doug McClure, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1976, title is Baby Blue Marine, ethnicity is American, director is John D. Hancock, cast is Jan-Michael Vincent, Glynnis O'Connor, Katherine Helmond, Richard Gere, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Bad News Bears, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Walter Matthau, Tatum O'Neal, Chris Barnes, Jackie Earle Haley, Vic Morrow, Joyce Van Patten, Brandon Cruz, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is The Big Bus, ethnicity is American, director is James Frawley, cast is Stockard Channing, Joseph Bologna, John Beck, Sally Kellerman, Richard Mulligan, Jose Ferrer, Murphy Dunne, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is The Bingo Long Traveling All-Stars & Motor Kings, ethnicity is American, director is John Badham, cast is Billy Dee Williams, James Earl Jones, Richard Pryor, genre is comedy, sports. Release year is 1976, title is Black Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Al Adamson, cast is Timothy Brown, Russ Tamblyn, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is Black Shampoo, ethnicity is American, director is Greydon Clark, cast is John R. Daniels, Tanya Boyd, Joe Ortiz, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is Bound for Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is David Carradine, Ronny Cox, Melinda Dillon, Randy Quaid, Gail Strickland, genre is biography. Release year is 1976, title is Breaking Point, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clark, cast is Bo Svenson, Robert Culp, John Colicos, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1976, title is Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Paul Newman, Burt Lancaster, Harvey Keitel, Will Sampson, Joel Grey, Pat McCormick, Geraldine Chaplin, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Burnt Offerings, ethnicity is American, director is Dan Curtis, cast is Karen Black, Bette Davis, Oliver Reed, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is Carrie, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Sissy Spacek, Piper Laurie, William Katt, Amy Irving, Betty Buckley, P.J. Soles, John Travolta, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is Deadly Hero, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Nagy, cast is Don Murray, James Earl Jones, Lilia Skala, genre is thriller. Release year is 1976, title is Diary of the Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Arvin Brown, cast is Héctor Elizondo, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Salome Jens, genre is thriller. Release year is 1976, title is Dixie Dynamite, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Frost, cast is Warren Oates, Christopher George, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is Dr. Black, Mr. Hyde, ethnicity is American, director is William Crain, cast is Bernie Casey, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is Drive-In Massacre, ethnicity is American, director is Stu Segall, cast is Bruce Kimball, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is The Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, cast is Goldie Hawn, George Segal, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is The Eagle Has Landed, ethnicity is American, director is John Sturges, cast is Michael Caine, Robert Duvall, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is Embryo, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Nelson, cast is Rock Hudson, Barbara Carrera, Diane Ladd, genre is sci-fi horror. Release year is 1976, title is The Enforcer, ethnicity is American, director is James Fargo, cast is Clint Eastwood, Tyne Daly, Bradford Dillman, genre is thriller. Release year is 1976, title is Family Plot, ethnicity is American, director is Alfred Hitchcock, cast is Karen Black, Bruce Dern, Barbara Harris, William Devane, Cathleen Nesbitt, Ed Lauter, genre is suspense. Release year is 1976, title is The Food of the Gods, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Marjoe Gortner, Pamela Franklin, Ida Lupino, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is Freaky Friday, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Nelson, cast is Jodie Foster, Barbara Harris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is From Noon till Three, ethnicity is American, director is Frank D. Gilroy, cast is Charles Bronson, Jill Ireland, genre is western. Release year is 1976, title is The Front, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Woody Allen, Zero Mostel, Andrea Marcovicci, Herschel Bernardi, Michael Murphy, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1976, title is Futureworld, ethnicity is American, director is Richard T. Heffron, cast is Blythe Danner, Peter Fonda, Arthur Hill, Yul Brynner, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1976, title is Gator, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Reynolds, cast is Burt Reynolds, Lauren Hutton, Jack Weston, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is God Told Me To, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Cohen, cast is Tony LoBianco, Sandy Dennis, Deborah Raffin, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is Grizzly, ethnicity is American, director is William Girdler, cast is Christopher George, Andrew Prine, Richard Jaeckel, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is The Gumball Rally, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Bail, cast is Gary Busey, Tim McIntire, Michael Sarrazin, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is Gus, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent McEveety, cast is Edward Asner, Don Knotts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Harry and Walter Go to New York, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Rydell, cast is James Caan, Elliott Gould, Diane Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Hawmps!, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Camp, cast is Slim Pickens, Denver Pyle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Hollywood Boulevard, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Dante, Allan Arkush, cast is Mary Woronov, Dick Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Hot Potato, ethnicity is American, director is Oscar Williams, cast is Jim Kelly, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is The Human Tornado, ethnicity is American, director is Cliff Roquemore, cast is Rudy Ray Moore, Ernie Hudson, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is I Will, I Will... for Now, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Panama, cast is Elliott Gould, Diane Keaton, Paul Sorvino, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is J. D.'s Revenge, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Marks, cast is Louis Gossett, Jr., Glynn Turman, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is Jackson County Jail, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Miller, cast is Yvette Mimieux, Tommy Lee Jones, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is Killer Force, ethnicity is American, director is Val Guest, cast is Telly Savalas, Peter Fonda, genre is crime. Release year is 1976, title is The Killer Inside Me, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Stacy Keach, Susan Tyrrell, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Killing of a Chinese Bookie, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Ben Gazzara, Timothy Carey, Seymour Cassel, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1976, title is King Kong, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is Jeff Bridges, Jessica Lange, Charles Grodin, genre is adventure. Release year is 1976, title is King Kung Fu, ethnicity is American, director is Lance D. Hayes, cast is John Balee, John D. Hayes, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is The Last Hard Men, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Charlton Heston, James Coburn, Barbara Hershey, Michael Parks, genre is western. Release year is 1976, title is Leadbelly, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Parks, cast is Roger E. Mosley, genre is biography. Release year is 1976, title is Lifeguard, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Sam Elliott, Anne Archer, Kathleen Quinlan, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is Lipstick, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is Margaux Hemingway, Mariel Hemingway, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane, ethnicity is American, director is Nicolas Gessner, cast is Martin Sheen, Jodie Foster, genre is thriller. Release year is 1976, title is Logan's Run, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is Michael York, Jenny Agutter, Peter Ustinov, Farrah Fawcett, Richard Jordan, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1976, title is Mako: The Jaws of Death, ethnicity is American, director is William Grefe, cast is Richard Jaeckel, Jennifer Bishop, genre is thriller. Release year is 1976, title is Marathon Man, ethnicity is American, director is John Schlesinger, cast is Dustin Hoffman, Laurence Olivier, Roy Scheider, Marthe Keller, William Devane, Fritz Weaver, genre is thriller. Release year is 1976, title is A Matter of Time, ethnicity is American, director is Vincente Minnelli, cast is Ingrid Bergman, Charles Boyer, Liza Minnelli, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1976, title is Mean Johnny Barrows, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Williamson, cast is Fred Williamson, Elliott Gould, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1976, title is Midway, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is Charlton Heston, Henry Fonda, Robert Mitchum, Glenn Ford, Robert Wagner, Cliff Robertson, James Coburn, genre is war. Release year is 1976, title is Mikey and Nicky, ethnicity is American, director is Elaine May, cast is Peter Falk, John Cassavetes, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Missouri Breaks, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Marlon Brando, Jack Nicholson, Randy Quaid, Harry Dean Stanton, Frederic Forrest, Kathleen Lloyd, genre is western. Release year is 1976, title is The Monkey Hustle, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Marks, cast is Yaphet Kotto, Rosalind Cash, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is Mother, Jugs & Speed, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Raquel Welch, Bill Cosby, Harvey Keitel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Moving Violation, ethnicity is American, director is Charles S. Dubin, cast is Stephen McHattie, Kay Lenz, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Murder by Death, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Moore, cast is Peter Falk, Peter Sellers, David Niven, Maggie Smith, Alec Guinness, Elsa Lanchester, James Coco, James Cromwell, Eileen Brennan, Nancy Walker, Truman Capote, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Network, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Peter Finch, William Holden, Faye Dunaway, Beatrice Straight, Robert Duvall, Wesley Addy, Ned Beatty, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Next Man, ethnicity is American, director is Richard C. Sarafian, cast is Sean Connery, Cornelia Sharpe, genre is thriller. Release year is 1976, title is Next Stop, Greenwich Village, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Mazursky, cast is Shelley Winters, Lenny Baker, Christopher Walken, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1976, title is Nickelodeon, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Bogdanovich, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Burt Reynolds, Tatum O'Neal, Stella Stevens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is No Deposit, No Return, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is David Niven, Don Knotts, Darren McGavin, Barbara Feldon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Obsession, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Cliff Robertson, Geneviève Bujold, John Lithgow, genre is thriller. Release year is 1976, title is Ode to Billy Joe, ethnicity is American, director is Max Baer, Jr., cast is Robby Benson, Glynnis O'Connor, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Omen, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Gregory Peck, Lee Remick, David Warner, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is One Summer Love, ethnicity is American, director is Gilbert Cates, cast is Beau Bridges, Susan Sarandon, James Noble, genre is romance. Release year is 1976, title is The Outlaw Josey Wales, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, Chief Dan George, Sam Bottoms, John Vernon, Bill McKinney, Sondra Locke, Joyce Jameson, genre is western. Release year is 1976, title is The Return of a Man Called Horse, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Kershner, cast is Richard Harris, genre is western. Release year is 1976, title is The Ritz, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Rita Moreno, F. Murray Abraham, Kaye Ballard, Jerry Stiller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Robin and Marian, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Sean Connery, Audrey Hepburn, genre is adventure. Release year is 1976, title is Rocky, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Carl Weathers, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Burgess Meredith, Tony Burton, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis John Carlino, cast is Sarah Miles, Kris Kristofferson, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Sell Out, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Collinson, cast is Richard Widmark, Oliver Reed, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Seven-Per-Cent Solution, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Robert Duvall, Alan Arkin, Nicol Williamson, Samantha Eggar, Laurence Olivier, genre is mystery. Release year is 1976, title is The Shaggy D.A., ethnicity is American, director is Robert Stevenson, cast is Dean Jones, Suzanne Pleshette, genre is family. Release year is 1976, title is Shoot, ethnicity is American, director is Harvey Hart, cast is Cliff Robertson, Ernest Borgnine, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Shootist, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is John Wayne, James Stewart, Lauren Bacall, Ron Howard, Harry Morgan, Scatman Crothers, Hugh O'Brian, Richard Boone, Sheree North, genre is western. Release year is 1976, title is Shout at the Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Peter R. Hunt, cast is Lee Marvin, Roger Moore, genre is war. Release year is 1976, title is Silent Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Brooks, cast is Mel Brooks, Dom DeLuise, Marty Feldman, Sid Caesar, Bernadette Peters, Marcel Marceau, Anne Bancroft, Liza Minnelli, Burt Reynolds, James Caan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Silver Streak, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Gene Wilder, Richard Pryor, Jill Clayburgh, Patrick McGoohan, Ned Beatty, Clifton James, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Sky Riders, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Hickox, cast is James Coburn, Susannah York, Robert Culp, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is Squirm, ethnicity is American, director is Jeff Lieberman, cast is Don Scardino, Jean Sullivan, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is A Star is Born, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Pierson, cast is Barbra Streisand, Kris Kristofferson, Gary Busey, genre is musical, drama. Release year is 1976, title is Stay Hungry, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Rafelson, cast is Jeff Bridges, Sally Field, Arnold Schwarzenegger, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1976, title is St. Ives, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Charles Bronson, Jacqueline Bisset, John Houseman, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is Swashbuckler, ethnicity is American, director is James Goldstone, cast is Robert Shaw, James Earl Jones, Geneviève Bujold, genre is adventure. Release year is 1976, title is Sweet Revenge, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Schatzberg, cast is Stockard Channing, Sam Waterston, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Swiss Conspiracy, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Arnold, cast is David Janssen, Ray Milland, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is Sybil, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Sally Field, Joanne Woodward, Brad Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is Target of an Assassin, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Collinson, cast is Anthony Quinn, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is Taxi Driver, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Robert De Niro, Jodie Foster, Cybill Shepherd, Harvey Keitel, Peter Boyle, Albert Brooks, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is The Town That Dreaded Sundown, ethnicity is American, director is Charles B. Pierce, cast is Ben Johnson, Andrew Prine, Dawn Wells, genre is horror. Release year is 1976, title is Track of the Moon Beast, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Ashe, cast is Leigh Drake, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1976, title is Tracks, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Jaglom, cast is Dennis Hopper, Dean Stockwell, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is Tunnel Vision, ethnicity is American, director is Neal Israel, cast is Ron Silver, Howard Hesseman, Roger Bowen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1976, title is Two-Minute Warning, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Peerce, cast is Charlton Heston, John Cassavetes, Jack Klugman, David Janssen, Beau Bridges, Marilyn Hassett, Walter Pidgeon, Gena Rowlands, genre is thriller. Release year is 1976, title is Victory at Entebbe, ethnicity is American, director is Marvin J. Chomsky, cast is Anthony Hopkins, Elizabeth Taylor, Burt Lancaster, Richard Dreyfuss, Julius Harris, Helmut Berger, Linda Blair, Kirk Douglas, Helen Hayes, genre is drama. Release year is 1976, title is Vigilante Force, ethnicity is American, director is George Armitage, cast is Kris Kristofferson, Jan-Michael Vincent, Victoria Principal, genre is action. Release year is 1976, title is W.C. Fields and Me, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Rod Steiger, Valerie Perrine, Jack Cassidy, genre is biography. Release year is 1976, title is Welcome to L.A., ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rudolph, cast is Keith Carradine, Geraldine Chaplin, Harvey Keitel, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Candleshoe, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is David Niven, Helen Hayes, Jodie Foster, genre is family. Release year is 1977, title is The Car, ethnicity is American, director is Elliot Silverstein, cast is James Brolin, Kathleen Lloyd, John Marley, Ronny Cox, genre is mystery. Release year is 1977, title is Cinderella, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Pataki, cast is Cheryl Smith, Sy Richardson, genre is erotic musical. Release year is 1977, title is Citizen's Band, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Demme, cast is Paul Le Mat, Candy Clark, Roberts Blossom, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is Close Encounters of the Third Kind, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Teri Garr, Melinda Dillon, Francois Truffaut, Bob Balaban, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1977, title is The Confessions of Amans, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Nava, cast is William Bryan, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Contract on Cherry Street, ethnicity is American, director is William Goldwyn, cast is Frank Sinatra, Martin Balsam, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1977, title is Cross of Iron, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is James Coburn, James Mason, Maximilian Schell, genre is war, action. Release year is 1977, title is Crossed Swords, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Oliver Reed, Raquel Welch, Mark Lester, genre is adventure. Release year is 1977, title is Damnation Alley, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is George Peppard, Jan-Michael Vincent, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1977, title is The Day of the Animals, ethnicity is American, director is William Girdler, cast is Leslie Nielsen, Lynda Day George, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1977, title is Death Bed: The Bed That Eats, ethnicity is American, director is George Barry, cast is William Russ, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is The Deep, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Jacqueline Bisset, Robert Shaw, Nick Nolte, genre is thriller. Release year is 1977, title is Demon Seed, ethnicity is American, director is Donald Cammell, cast is Julie Christie, Fritz Weaver, Robert Vaughn, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is Desperate Living, ethnicity is American, director is John Waters, cast is Liz Renay, Mink Stole, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is The Domino Principle, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kramer, cast is Gene Hackman, Candice Bergen, Richard Widmark, Eli Wallach, Mickey Rooney, Edward Albert, genre is thriller. Release year is 1977, title is Eaten Alive, ethnicity is American, director is Tobe Hooper, cast is Carolyn Jones, Michael Berryman, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is Empire of the Ants, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Joan Collins, Albert Salmi, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is Equus, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Richard Burton, Peter Firth, Joan Plowright, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Eraserhead, ethnicity is American, director is David Lynch, cast is Jack Nance, Charlotte Stewart, genre is horror, fantasy. Release year is 1977, title is Exorcist II: The Heretic, ethnicity is American, director is John Boorman, cast is Linda Blair, Richard Burton, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is First Love, ethnicity is American, director is Joan Darling, cast is William Katt, Susan Dey, Beverly D'Angelo, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is For the Love of Benji, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Camp, cast is Patsy Garrett, Ed Nelson, genre is family. Release year is 1977, title is Fun with Dick and Jane, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Kotcheff, cast is George Segal, Jane Fonda, Ed McMahon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is The Gauntlet, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, Pat Hingle, Sondra Locke, genre is thriller. Release year is 1977, title is The Goodbye Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Marsha Mason, Quinn Cummings, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1977, title is Grand Theft Auto, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Howard, cast is Ron Howard, Marion Ross, genre is action, comedy. Release year is 1977, title is Grayeagle, ethnicity is American, director is Charles B. Pierce, cast is Ben Johnson, Lana Wood, genre is western. Release year is 1977, title is Greased Lightning, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Schultz, cast is Richard Pryor, Pam Grier, Cleavon Little, genre is biography. Release year is 1977, title is The Great Smokey Roadblock, ethnicity is American, director is John Leone, cast is Henry Fonda, Eileen Brennan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent McEveety, cast is Dean Jones, Don Knotts, Julie Sommars, genre is family. Release year is 1977, title is Heroes, ethnicity is American, director is Jeremy Kagan, cast is Henry Winkler, Sally Field, Harrison Ford, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1977, title is High Anxiety, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Brooks, cast is Mel Brooks, Madeline Kahn, Cloris Leachman, Harvey Korman, Howard Morris, Ron Carey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is The Hills Have Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is Wes Craven, cast is Susan Lanier, Michael Berryman, Dee Wallace, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is I Never Promised You a Rose Garden, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Page, cast is Kathleen Quinlan, Bibi Andersson, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is The Incredible Melting Man, ethnicity is American, director is William Sachs, cast is Myron Healey, Janus Blythe, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1977, title is The Island of Dr. Moreau, ethnicity is American, director is Don Taylor, cast is Burt Lancaster, Michael York, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1977, title is Islands in the Stream, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is George C. Scott, David Hemmings, Gilbert Roland, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Joyride, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Ruben, cast is Desi Arnaz, Jr., Melanie Griffith, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Julia, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Vanessa Redgrave, Jane Fonda, Jason Robards, Meryl Streep, Rosemary Murphy, John Glover, Hal Holbrook, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is The Kentucky Fried Movie, ethnicity is American, director is John Landis, cast is Donald Sutherland, Henry Gibson, Uschi Digard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is Kingdom of the Spiders, ethnicity is American, director is John Cardos, cast is William Shatner, Woody Strode, Tiffany Bolling, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1977, title is Last House on Dead End Street, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Watkins, cast is Roger Watkins, Ken Fisher, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is The Last Remake of Beau Geste, ethnicity is American, director is Marty Feldman, cast is Marty Feldman, Michael York, Ann-Margret, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is The Late Show, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Benton, cast is Art Carney, Lily Tomlin, Eugene Roche, Bill Macy, Joanna Cassidy, Ruth Nelson, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is A Little Night Music, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Prince, cast is Elizabeth Taylor, Diana Rigg, Len Cariou, genre is musical. Release year is 1977, title is Looking for Mr. Goodbar, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Diane Keaton, Tuesday Weld, Richard Gere, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is MacArthur, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is Gregory Peck, G. D. Spradlin, genre is war, biography. Release year is 1977, title is The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, ethnicity is American, director is Wolfgang Reitherman, cast is Sterling Holloway, John Fiedler, Paul Winchell, genre is animation. Release year is 1977, title is March or Die, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Richards, cast is Gene Hackman, Catherine Deneuve, genre is war. Release year is 1977, title is Martin, ethnicity is American, director is George A. Romero, cast is John Amplas, Christine Forrest, Tom Savini, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is The Mouse and His Child, ethnicity is American, director is Chris Swenson, cast is Voices of Cloris Leachman, Peter Ustinov, Andy Devine, genre is animated, family. Release year is 1977, title is Mr. Billion, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Kaplan, cast is Terence Hill, Valerie Perrine, Jackie Gleason, genre is action. Release year is 1977, title is New York, New York, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Liza Minnelli, Robert De Niro, genre is musical. Release year is 1977, title is Oh, God!, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is George Burns, John Denver, Paul Sorvino, Teri Garr, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is One on One, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is Robby Benson, Annette O'Toole, G. D. Spradlin, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Opening Night, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Gena Rowlands, Ben Gazzara, John Cassavetes, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is The Opening of Misty Beethoven, ethnicity is American, director is Radley Metzger, cast is Constance Money, Jamie Gillis, Gloria Leonard, genre is adult film. Release year is 1977, title is Orca, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is Richard Harris, Charlotte Rampling, Bo Derek, genre is adventure. Release year is 1977, title is The Other Side of Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Jarrott, cast is Marie-France Pisier, Susan Sarandon, John Beck, Clu Gulager, Michael Lerner, Raf Vallone, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Outlaw Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Richard T. Heffron, cast is Peter Fonda, Susan Saint James, John Crawford, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is The People That Time Forgot, ethnicity is American, director is Kevin Connor, cast is Doug McClure, Sarah Douglas, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1977, title is A Piece of the Action, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Poitier, cast is Bill Cosby, Sidney Poitier, James Earl Jones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is Planet of Dinosaurs, ethnicity is American, director is James Shea, cast is Max Thayer, Louie Lawless, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1977, title is Portrait of a Hitman, ethnicity is American, director is Allan A. Buckhantz, cast is Rod Steiger, Jack Palance, Bo Svenson, genre is crime. Release year is 1977, title is Pumping Iron, ethnicity is American, director is George Butler, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Lou Ferrigno, genre is documentary. Release year is 1977, title is Rabid, ethnicity is American, director is David Cronenberg, cast is Marilyn Chambers, Joe Silver, Howard Ryshpan,, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Roman, Bill Melendez, cast is Duncan Watson, Bill Melendez, Gail Davis, Stuart Brotman, genre is animation. Release year is 1977, title is Raid on Entebbe, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Kershner, cast is Peter Finch, Martin Balsam, Yaphet Kotto, Charles Bronson, John Saxon, Jack Warden, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is The Rescuers, ethnicity is American, director is John Lounsbery, cast is Voices of Eva Gabor, Bob Newhart, Geraldine Page, genre is animated. Release year is 1977, title is Rollercoaster, ethnicity is American, director is James Goldstone, cast is George Segal, Richard Widmark, Henry Fonda, genre is thriller. Release year is 1977, title is Rolling Thunder, ethnicity is American, director is John Flynn, cast is William Devane, Tommy Lee Jones, James Best, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Roots, ethnicity is American, director is Marvin J. Chomsky, John Erman, Gilbert Moses, cast is LeVar Burton, Louis Gossett, Jr., John Amos, Ben Vereen, Cicely Tyson, Georg Stanford Brown, Richard Roundtree, O. J. Simpson, Leslie Uggams, Madge Sinclair, Ed Asner, Chuck Connors, Lloyd Bridges, Sandy Duncan, genre is drama, television miniseries. Release year is 1977, title is Roseland, ethnicity is American, director is James Ivory, cast is Teresa Wright, Geraldine Chaplin, Christopher Walken, genre is romance. Release year is 1977, title is Ruby, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Harrington, cast is Piper Laurie, Stuart Whitman, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is Run for the Roses, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Levin, cast is Vera Miles, Stuart Whitman, Lisa Eilbacher, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Satan's Cheerleaders, ethnicity is American, director is Greydon Clark, cast is Yvonne De Carlo, John Ireland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is Saturday Night Fever, ethnicity is American, director is John Badham, cast is John Travolta, Karen Lynn Gorney, Donna Pescow, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Scott Joplin, ethnicity is American, director is Jeremy Kagan, cast is Billy Dee Williams, Clifton Davis, Margaret Avery, genre is biopic. Release year is 1977, title is Semi-Tough, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Burt Reynolds, Kris Kristofferson, Jill Clayburgh, Robert Preston, Brian Dennehy, Carl Weathers, Bert Convy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is The Sentinel, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Winner, cast is Chris Sarandon, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is September 30, 1955, ethnicity is American, director is James Bridges, cast is Richard Thomas, Susan Tyrell, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Short Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is Robert M. Young, cast is Bruce Davison, Jose Perez, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1977, title is Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Wanamaker, cast is Jane Seymour, Taryn Power, Patrick Wayne, genre is action. Release year is 1977, title is Slap Shot, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Paul Newman, Strother Martin, Michael Ontkean, Lindsay Crouse, Jennifer Warren, M. Emmet Walsh, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is Smokey and the Bandit, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Burt Reynolds, Jackie Gleason, Sally Field, Jerry Reed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is Sorcerer, ethnicity is American, director is William Friedkin, cast is Roy Scheider, Francisco Rabal, Bruno Cremer, genre is thriller. Release year is 1977, title is Speedtrap, ethnicity is American, director is Earl Bellamy, cast is Joe Don Baker, Tyne Daly, Richard Jaeckel, genre is action. Release year is 1977, title is Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope (aka Star Wars), ethnicity is American, director is George Lucas, cast is Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Alec Guinness, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1977, title is Telefon, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Charles Bronson, Lee Remick, Donald Pleasence, genre is spy film. Release year is 1977, title is Tentacles, ethnicity is American, director is Ovidio G. Assonitis, cast is John Huston, Shelley Winters, Henry Fonda, genre is horror. Release year is 1977, title is Thunder and Lightning, ethnicity is American, director is Corey Allen, cast is David Carradine, Kate Jackson, genre is action. Release year is 1977, title is The Turning Point, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Shirley MacLaine, Anne Bancroft, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Tom Skerritt, genre is drama. Release year is 1977, title is Twilight's Last Gleaming, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Charles Durning, Paul Winfield, Burt Young, Joseph Cotten, William Marshall, Melvyn Douglas, genre is thriller. Release year is 1977, title is Valentino, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Russell, cast is Rudolf Nureyev, Leslie Caron, Carol Kane, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1977, title is The Van, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Grossman, cast is Danny DeVito, Deborah White, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is Viva Knievel!, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Douglas, cast is Evel Knievel, Lauren Hutton, Gene Kelly, genre is action, biography. Release year is 1977, title is Which Way Is Up?, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Schultz, cast is Richard Pryor, Lonette McKee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1977, title is The White Buffalo, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Charles Bronson, Will Sampson, Jack Warden, Slim Pickens, Kim Novak, genre is western. Release year is 1977, title is Wizards, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Bakshi, cast is Voices of Mark Hamill, David Proval, genre is animated, fantasy. Release year is 1977, title is The World's Greatest Lover, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Wilder, cast is Gene Wilder, Carol Kane, Dom DeLuise, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is California Suite, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Jane Fonda, Alan Alda, Maggie Smith, Michael Caine, Bill Cosby, Richard Pryor, Walter Matthau, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Capricorn One, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Hyams, cast is Elliott Gould, Sam Waterston, James Brolin, O. J. Simpson, Brenda Vaccaro, Hal Holbrook, genre is suspense. Release year is 1978, title is Caravans, ethnicity is American, director is James Fargo, cast is Anthony Quinn, Michael Sarrazin, Behrouz Vossoughi, genre is adventure. Release year is 1978, title is Casey's Shadow, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Walter Matthau, Alexis Smith, Murray Hamilton, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is The Cat from Outer Space, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Tokar, cast is Sandy Duncan, Roddy McDowall, Ken Berry, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1978, title is The Cheap Detective, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Moore, cast is Peter Falk, Ann-Margret, Sid Caesar, Dom DeLuise, Stockard Channing, Louise Fletcher, Marsha Mason, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Coma, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Crichton, cast is Geneviève Bujold, Michael Douglas, Richard Widmark, Elizabeth Ashley, Rip Torn, genre is thriller. Release year is 1978, title is Comes a Horseman, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is James Caan, Jane Fonda, Jason Robards, George Grizzard, Richard Farnsworth, genre is western. Release year is 1978, title is Coming Home, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is Jon Voight, Jane Fonda, Bruce Dern, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Convoy, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is Kris Kristofferson, Ali MacGraw, Ernest Borgnine, Burt Young, Madge Sinclair, genre is action. Release year is 1978, title is Corvette Summer, ethnicity is American, director is Matthew Robbins, cast is Mark Hamill, Annie Potts, Danny Bonaduce, genre is action. Release year is 1978, title is Covert Action, ethnicity is American, director is Romolo Guerrieri, cast is David Janssen, Arthur Kennedy, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is The Dain Curse, ethnicity is American, director is E.W. Swackhamer, cast is James Coburn, Héctor Elizondo, Jean Simmons, genre is mystery. Release year is 1978, title is Damien: Omen II, ethnicity is American, director is Don Taylor, cast is William Holden, Lee Grant, genre is horror. Release year is 1978, title is Dawn of the Dead, ethnicity is American, director is George A. Romero, cast is David Emge, Ken Foree, Scott H. Reiniger, Gaylen Ross, genre is horror. Release year is 1978, title is Days of Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Terrence Malick, cast is Richard Gere, Brooke Adams, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Death Dimension, ethnicity is American, director is Al Adamson, cast is Jim Kelly, Harold Sakata, George Lazenby, genre is action. Release year is 1978, title is Deathsport, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Arkush, cast is Claudia Jennings, David Carradine, genre is action. Release year is 1978, title is The Deer Hunter, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Cimino, cast is Robert De Niro, Christopher Walken, Meryl Streep, John Savage, John Cazale, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1978, title is A Different Story, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Aaron, cast is Meg Foster, Perry King, Valerie Curtin, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is A Distant Thunder, ethnicity is American, director is Donald W. Thompson, cast is Patty Dunning, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is The Driver, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Bruce Dern, Isabelle Adjani, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1978, title is The End, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Reynolds, cast is Burt Reynolds, Dom DeLuise, Sally Field, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Every Which Way but Loose, ethnicity is American, director is James Fargo, cast is Clint Eastwood, Ruth Gordon, Beverly D'Angelo, Geoffrey Lewis, Sondra Locke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Eyes of Laura Mars, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Kershner, cast is Faye Dunaway, Tommy Lee Jones, Brad Dourif, genre is thriller. Release year is 1978, title is F.I.S.T., ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Rod Steiger, Melinda Dillon, Brian Dennehy, Kevin Conway, Peter Boyle, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is FM, ethnicity is American, director is John A. Alonzo, cast is Alex Karras, Cleavon Little, Martin Mull, Michael Brandon, Eileen Brennan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Fedora, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is William Holden, Marthe Keller, Hildegard Knef, Jose Ferrer, Frances Sternhagen, Stephen Collins, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Fingers, ethnicity is American, director is James Toback, cast is Harvey Keitel, Michael V. Gazzo, Tanya Roberts, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Foul Play, ethnicity is American, director is Colin Higgins, cast is Chevy Chase, Goldie Hawn, Dudley Moore, Eugene Roche, Burgess Meredith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is The Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Kirk Douglas, Amy Irving, John Cassavetes, Andrew Stevens, Charles Durning, Carrie Snodgress, genre is horror. Release year is 1978, title is Girlfriends, ethnicity is American, director is Claudia Weill, cast is Melanie Mayron, Eli Wallach, Bob Balaban, Viveca Lindfors, Christopher Guest, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1978, title is Go Tell the Spartans, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Post, cast is Burt Lancaster, Craig Wasson, genre is war, drama. Release year is 1978, title is Goin' South, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Nicholson, cast is Jack Nicholson, Mary Steenburgen, John Belushi, Veronica Cartwright, Christopher Lloyd, genre is comedy, western. Release year is 1978, title is Good Guys Wear Black, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Post, cast is Chuck Norris, Dana Andrews, Anne Archer, genre is action. Release year is 1978, title is Gray Lady Down, ethnicity is American, director is David Greene, cast is Charlton Heston, Ned Beatty, Ronny Cox, Stacy Keach, Rosemary Forsyth, genre is adventure. Release year is 1978, title is Grease, ethnicity is American, director is Randal Kleiser, cast is John Travolta, Olivia Newton-John, Stockard Channing, Jeff Conaway, Eve Arden, Sid Caesar, Frankie Avalon, Edd Byrnes, Didi Conn, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1978, title is The Greek Tycoon, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Anthony Quinn, Jacqueline Bisset, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Halloween, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Donald Pleasence, Jamie Lee Curtis, P.J. Soles, Charles Cyphers, Kyle Richards, genre is horror. Release year is 1978, title is Harper Valley PTA, ethnicity is American, director is Richard C. Bennett, cast is Barbara Eden, Nanette Fabray, Ronny Cox, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Heaven Can Wait, ethnicity is American, director is Warren Beatty, Buck Henry, cast is Warren Beatty, Julie Christie, Jack Warden, Dyan Cannon, Charles Grodin, James Mason, Buck Henry, Vincent Gardenia, R.G. Armstrong, genre is comedy, fantasy. Release year is 1978, title is High-Ballin', ethnicity is American, director is Peter Carter, cast is Peter Fonda, Jerry Reed, genre is action. Release year is 1978, title is Holocaust, ethnicity is American, director is Marvin J. Chomsky, cast is Meryl Streep, Michael Moriarty, Rosemary Harris, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Hooper, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Burt Reynolds, Sally Field, Jan-Michael Vincent, Brian Keith, Robert Klein, James Best, Adam West, genre is action, comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Hot Lead and Cold Feet, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Butler, cast is Don Knotts, Jim Dale, Darren McGavin, Karen Valentine, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1978, title is House Calls, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Zieff, cast is Walter Matthau, Glenda Jackson, Art Carney, Richard Benjamin, Candice Azzara, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is I Spit on Your Grave, ethnicity is American, director is Meir Zarchi, cast is Camille Keaton, genre is thriller. Release year is 1978, title is I Wanna Hold Your Hand, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Zemeckis, cast is Nancy Allen, Bobby DiCicco, Marc McClure, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Ice Castles, ethnicity is American, director is Donald Wrye, cast is Lynn-Holly Johnson, Robby Benson, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is If Ever I See You Again, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Brooks, cast is Joseph Brooks, Shelley Hack, Jimmy Breslin, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Interiors, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Geraldine Page, Diane Keaton, Maureen Stapleton, Mary Beth Hurt, Richard Jordan, E. G. Marshall, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is International Velvet, ethnicity is American, director is Bryan Forbes, cast is Tatum O'Neal, Christopher Plummer, genre is drama, family. Release year is 1978, title is Invasion of the Body Snatchers, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Kaufman, cast is Donald Sutherland, Brooke Adams, Leonard Nimoy, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1978, title is Jaws 2, ethnicity is American, director is Jeannot Szwarc, cast is Roy Scheider, Murray Hamilton, Lorraine Gary, genre is thriller. Release year is 1978, title is Jennifer, ethnicity is American, director is Brice Mack, cast is Lisa Pelikan, Nina Foch, Bert Convy, genre is horror. Release year is 1978, title is King of the Gypsies, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Pierson, cast is Eric Roberts, Brooke Shields, Shelley Winters, Susan Sarandon, Sterling Hayden, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Laserblast, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Rae, cast is Kim Milford, Keenan Wynn, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1978, title is The Legacy, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Marquand, cast is Katharine Ross, Sam Elliott, Roger Daltrey, genre is horror. Release year is 1978, title is Let Me Die a Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Doris Wishman, cast is Harry Reems, Dr. Leo Wollman, genre is exploitation. Release year is 1978, title is The Lord of the Rings, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Bakshi, cast is Voices of John Hurt, Billy Barty, genre is fantasy, animated. Release year is 1978, title is Magic, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Attenborough, cast is Anthony Hopkins, Ann-Margret, Burgess Meredith, genre is suspense. Release year is 1978, title is The Magic of Lassie, ethnicity is American, director is Don Chaffey, cast is James Stewart, Mickey Rooney, Pernell Roberts, genre is family. Release year is 1978, title is The Manitou, ethnicity is American, director is William Girdler, cast is Tony Curtis, Ann Sothern, Susan Strasberg, genre is horror. Release year is 1978, title is Maraschino Cherry, ethnicity is American, director is Radley Metzger, cast is Gloria Leonard, Annette Haven, Constance Money, genre is adult film. Release year is 1978, title is Mean Dog Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Stuart, cast is Gregg Henry, Kay Lenz, Scatman Crothers, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is The Medusa Touch, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Gold, cast is Richard Burton, Lee Remick, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Midnight Express, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Parker, cast is Brad Davis, John Hurt, Randy Quaid, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1978, title is Movie Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is George C. Scott, Art Carney, Ann Reinking, Harry Hamlin, Trish Van Devere, Barry Bostwick, Red Buttons, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1978, title is National Lampoon's Animal House, ethnicity is American, director is John Landis, cast is Tim Matheson, Tom Hulce, John Belushi, John Vernon, Peter Riegert, Karen Allen, Verna Bloom, Stephen Furst, Kevin Bacon, Donald Sutherland, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is The Norseman, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Pierce, cast is Lee Majors, Cornel Wilde, Mel Ferrer, genre is adventure. Release year is 1978, title is Oliver's Story, ethnicity is American, director is John Korty, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Candice Bergen, Ray Milland, genre is romance. Release year is 1978, title is Olly Olly Oxen Free, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Colla, cast is Katharine Hepburn, Kevin McKenzie, genre is family. Release year is 1978, title is The One and Only, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is Henry Winkler, Kim Darby, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Paradise Alley, ethnicity is American, director is Sylvester Stallone, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Armand Assante, Anne Archer, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Piranha, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Dante, cast is Bradford Dillman, Barbara Steele, Dick Miller, genre is horror. Release year is 1978, title is Planet of Dinosaurs, ethnicity is American, director is James Shea, cast is James Whitworth, Charlotte Speer, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1978, title is Pretty Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Louis Malle, cast is Brooke Shields, Susan Sarandon, Keith Carradine, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Rabbit Test, ethnicity is American, director is Joan Rivers, cast is Billy Crystal, Doris Roberts, Alex Rocco, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Remember My Name, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rudolph, cast is Geraldine Chaplin, Anthony Perkins, Moses Gunn, genre is thriller. Release year is 1978, title is Return from Witch Mountain, ethnicity is American, director is John Hough, cast is Christopher Lee, Bette Davis, Jack Soo, genre is family. Release year is 1978, title is Revenge of the Pink Panther, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Peter Sellers, Herbert Lom, Dyan Cannon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is The Scenic Route, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Rappaport, cast is Randy Danson, Marilyn Jones, Kevin Wade, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Sextette, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Hughes, cast is Mae West, Dom DeLuise, Tony Curtis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Schultz, cast is Peter Frampton, The Bee Gees, George Burns, genre is musical. Release year is 1978, title is Silent Partner, ethnicity is American, director is Daryl Duke, cast is Elliott Gould, Christopher Plummer, Susannah York, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1978, title is Slow Dancing in the Big City, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Paul Sorvino, Anne Ditchburn, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Somebody Killed Her Husband, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is Farrah Fawcett, Jeff Bridges, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Straight Time, ethnicity is American, director is Ulu Grosbard, cast is Dustin Hoffman, Theresa Russell, Gary Busey, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1978, title is Superman, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Marlon Brando, Gene Hackman, Christopher Reeve, Margot Kidder, Jackie Cooper, Ned Beatty, Valerie Perrine, Glenn Ford, Phyllis Thaxter, Susannah York, Jeff East, genre is superhero film. Release year is 1978, title is The Swarm, ethnicity is American, director is Irwin Allen, cast is Michael Caine, Henry Fonda, Olivia de Havilland, Fred MacMurray, Richard Widmark, Katharine Ross, Bradford Dillman, Richard Chamberlain, Slim Pickens, Lee Grant, genre is disaster film. Release year is 1978, title is Thank God It's Friday, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Klane, cast is Jeff Goldblum, Debra Winger, Donna Summer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is The Toolbox Murders, ethnicity is American, director is Dennis Donnelly, cast is Cameron Mitchell, genre is horror. Release year is 1978, title is Uncle Joe Shannon, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Hanwright, cast is Burt Young, Madge Sinclair, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is An Unmarried Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Mazursky, cast is Jill Clayburgh, Alan Bates, Michael Murphy, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Up in Smoke, ethnicity is American, director is Lou Adler, cast is Cheech Marin, Tommy Chong, Tom Skerritt, Stacy Keach, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is A Wedding, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Carol Burnett, Lillian Gish, Mia Farrow, Desi Arnaz, Jr., Lauren Hutton, Geraldine Chaplin, Vittorio Gassman, Howard Duff, Paul Dooley, Dina Merrill, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe?, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Kotcheff, cast is George Segal, Jacqueline Bisset, Robert Morley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1978, title is Who'll Stop the Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Karel Reisz, cast is Nick Nolte, Tuesday Weld, Michael Moriarty, Anthony Zerbe, Gail Strickland, genre is drama, action. Release year is 1978, title is The Wiz, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Diana Ross, Michael Jackson, Nipsey Russell, Lena Horne, genre is musical. Release year is 1978, title is Wolf Lake, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Rod Steiger, David Huffman, Robin Mattson, genre is thriller. Release year is 1978, title is Youngblood, ethnicity is American, director is Noel Nosseck, cast is Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs, T. K. Carter, genre is drama. Release year is 1978, title is Zero to Sixty, ethnicity is American, director is Don Weis, cast is Darren McGavin, Sylvia Miles, Joan Collins, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Being There, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is Peter Sellers, Shirley MacLaine, Melvyn Douglas, Richard Basehart, Richard A. Dysart, Jack Warden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens, ethnicity is American, director is Russ Meyer, cast is Ken Kerr, Kitten Natividad, Uschi Digard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Beyond the Poseidon Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Irwin Allen, cast is Michael Caine, Sally Field, Telly Savalas, Shirley Jones, Karl Malden, Mark Harmon, genre is action. Release year is 1979, title is Birth of The Beatles, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Marquand, cast is Stephen MacKenna, Rod Culbertson, genre is biography. Release year is 1979, title is The Black Hole, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Nelson, cast is Ernest Borgnine, Anthony Perkins, Yvette Mimieux, Maximilian Schell, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1979, title is The Black Stallion, ethnicity is American, director is Carroll Ballard, cast is Teri Garr, Mickey Rooney, Kelly Reno, Hoyt Axton, genre is family. Release year is 1979, title is Bloodline, ethnicity is American, director is Terence Young, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Ben Gazzara, James Mason, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Breaking Away, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Dennis Christopher, Dennis Quaid, Daniel Stern, Jackie Earle Haley, Paul Dooley, Barbara Barrie, genre is drama, comedy. Release year is 1979, title is The Bugs Bunny/Road Runner Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Monroe, Chuck Jones, cast is Voices of Mel Blanc, genre is animated. Release year is 1979, title is Butch and Sundance: The Early Days, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Tom Berenger, William Katt, genre is western. Release year is 1979, title is C.H.O.M.P.S., ethnicity is American, director is Don Chaffey, cast is Wesley Eure, Valerie Bertinelli, genre is family. Release year is 1979, title is California Dreaming, ethnicity is American, director is John D. Hancock, cast is Glynnis O'Connor, Dennis Christopher, Seymour Cassel, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Caligula, ethnicity is American, director is Tinto Brass, cast is Malcolm McDowell, John Gielgud, Peter O'Toole, Helen Mirren, genre is historical, erotic. Release year is 1979, title is The Cat and the Canary, ethnicity is American, director is Radley Metzger, cast is Olivia Hussey, Honor Blackman, genre is mystery. Release year is 1979, title is The Champ, ethnicity is American, director is Franco Zeffirelli, cast is Jon Voight, Rick Schroder, Faye Dunaway, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Chapter Two, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Moore, cast is James Caan, Marsha Mason, Joseph Bologna, Valerie Harper, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1979, title is The Children of Sanchez, ethnicity is American, director is Hall Bartlett, cast is Anthony Quinn, Dolores del Río, Katy Jurado, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is The China Syndrome, ethnicity is American, director is James Bridges, cast is Jane Fonda, Jack Lemmon, Michael Douglas, genre is thriller. Release year is 1979, title is City on Fire, ethnicity is American, director is Alvin Rakoff, cast is Susan Clark, Barry Newman, Ava Gardner, genre is disaster film. Release year is 1979, title is The Concorde ... Airport '79, ethnicity is American, director is David Lowell Rich, cast is George Kennedy, Alain Delon, Charo, Robert Wagner, Susan Blakely, genre is drama, thriller. Release year is 1979, title is Cuba, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Sean Connery, Brooke Adams, Chris Sarandon, Jack Weston, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Dracula, ethnicity is American, director is John Badham, cast is Frank Langella, Laurence Olivier, genre is horror. Release year is 1979, title is The Driller Killer, ethnicity is American, director is Abel Ferrara, cast is Abel Ferrara, Carolyn Marz, genre is horror. Release year is 1979, title is The Electric Horseman, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Robert Redford, Jane Fonda, Willie Nelson, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Escape from Alcatraz, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Clint Eastwood, Patrick McGoohan, Fred Ward, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Fast Break, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is Gabe Kaplan, Harold Sylvester, genre is comedy, sports. Release year is 1979, title is The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh, ethnicity is American, director is Gilbert Moses, cast is Jonathan Winters, Julius Erving, Flip Wilson, genre is comedy, sports. Release year is 1979, title is A Force of One, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Aaron, cast is Chuck Norris, Jennifer O'Neill, Clu Gulager, genre is action. Release year is 1979, title is French Postcards, ethnicity is American, director is Willard Huyck, cast is Miles Chapin, Blanche Baker, Debra Winger, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1979, title is The Frisco Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Gene Wilder, Harrison Ford, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1979, title is The Glove, ethnicity is American, director is Ross Hagen, cast is John Saxon, Joanna Cassidy, Roosevelt Grier, Joan Blondell, genre is action. Release year is 1979, title is Going in Style, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Brest, cast is George Burns, Art Carney, Lee Strasberg, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1979, title is Goldengirl, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is Susan Anton, Leslie Caron, James Coburn, genre is drama, sports. Release year is 1979, title is The Great Santini, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Carlino, cast is Robert Duvall, Blythe Danner, Michael O'Keefe, Stan Shaw, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Hair, ethnicity is American, director is Miloš Forman, cast is Treat Williams, Beverly D'Angelo, John Savage, genre is musical. Release year is 1979, title is Hanover Street, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Hyams, cast is Harrison Ford, Lesley-Anne Down, Christopher Plummer, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Hardcore, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Schrader, cast is George C. Scott, Season Hubley, Peter Boyle, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Head Over Heels, ethnicity is American, director is Joan Micklin Silver, cast is Mary Beth Hurt, John Heard, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Hot Stuff, ethnicity is American, director is Dom DeLuise, cast is Dom DeLuise, Suzanne Pleshette, Jerry Reed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Human Experiments, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Goodell, cast is Aldo Ray, Linda Haynes, Geoffrey Lewis, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Hurricane, ethnicity is American, director is Jan Troell, cast is Mia Farrow, Jason Robards, Max von Sydow, genre is adventure. Release year is 1979, title is The In-Laws, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Peter Falk, Alan Arkin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Jaguar Lives!, ethnicity is American, director is Ernest Pintoff, cast is Christopher Lee, Barbara Bach, Capucine, genre is spy. Release year is 1979, title is The Jerk, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is Steve Martin, Bernadette Peters, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Just You and Me, Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard B. Stern, cast is George Burns, Brooke Shields, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Kramer vs. Kramer, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Benton, cast is Dustin Hoffman, Justin Henry, Meryl Streep, Jane Alexander, JoBeth Williams, Howard Duff, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is The Lady Vanishes, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Page, cast is Elliott Gould, Cybill Shepherd, genre is mystery. Release year is 1979, title is Last Embrace, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Demme, cast is Roy Scheider, Janet Margolin, genre is suspense. Release year is 1979, title is A Little Romance, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Laurence Olivier, Sally Kellerman, Diane Lane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Lost and Found, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin Frank, cast is Glenda Jackson, George Segal, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Love and Bullets, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Charles Bronson, Jill Ireland, genre is crime. Release year is 1979, title is Love At First Bite, ethnicity is American, director is Stan Dragoti, cast is George Hamilton, Susan Saint James, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is The Main Event, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Zieff, cast is Barbra Streisand, Ryan O'Neal, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is The Magician of Lublin, ethnicity is American, director is Menahem Golan, cast is Alan Arkin, Valerie Perrine, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Manhattan, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Woody Allen, Diane Keaton, Mariel Hemingway, Meryl Streep, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1979, title is Meteor, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is Sean Connery, Natalie Wood, Karl Malden, genre is disaster film, sci-fi. Release year is 1979, title is More American Graffiti, ethnicity is American, director is Bill L. Norton, cast is Ron Howard, Candy Clark, Paul LeMat, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1979, title is Mr. Mike's Mondo Video, ethnicity is American, director is Michael O'Donoghue, cast is Dan Aykroyd, Jane Curtin, Teri Garr, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is The Muppet Movie, ethnicity is American, director is James Frawley, cast is James Coburn, Mel Brooks, Orson Welles, genre is comedy, family. Release year is 1979, title is A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Thomas, cast is David Niven, Elke Sommer, Richard Jordan, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Nightwing, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Nick Mancuso, David Warner, Kathryn Harrold, genre is horror. Release year is 1979, title is Norma Rae, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Sally Field, Ron Leibman, Beau Bridges, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is The North Avenue Irregulars, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Bilson, cast is Edward Herrmann, Cloris Leachman, Susan Clark, Karen Valentine, genre is comedy, family. Release year is 1979, title is North Dallas Forty, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Kotcheff, cast is Nick Nolte, Mac Davis, G. D. Spradlin, Charles Durning, Dabney Coleman, Dayle Haddon, genre is drama, sports. Release year is 1979, title is The Onion Field, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Becker, cast is James Woods, John Savage, Ted Danson, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1979, title is Over the Edge, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Kaplan, cast is Matt Dillon, Vincent Spano, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Parts: The Clonus Horror, ethnicity is American, director is Robert S. Fiveson, cast is Peter Graves, Keenan Wynn, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1979, title is Penitentiary, ethnicity is American, director is Jamaa Fanaka, cast is Leon Issac Kennedy, Badja Djola, genre is action. Release year is 1979, title is A Perfect Couple, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Paul Dooley, Marta Heflin, Henry Gibson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Phantasm, ethnicity is American, director is Don Coscarelli, cast is Reggie Bannister, Angus Scrimm, genre is horror. Release year is 1979, title is The Prisoner of Zenda, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Quine, cast is Peter Sellers, Elke Sommer, Lionel Jeffries, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is The Prize Fighter, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Preece, cast is Don Knotts, Tim Conway, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is The Promise, ethnicity is American, director is Gilbert Cates, cast is Kathleen Quinlan, Stephen Collins, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Promises in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Jerome Hellman, cast is Marsha Mason, Ned Beatty, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Prophecy, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Robert Foxworth, Talia Shire, Armand Assante, genre is horror. Release year is 1979, title is Quintet, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Paul Newman, Fernando Rey, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Real Life, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Brooks, cast is Albert Brooks, Charles Grodin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Rock 'n' Roll High School, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Arkush, cast is P. J. Soles, Mary Woronov, Ramones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Rocky II, ethnicity is American, director is Sylvester Stallone, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Carl Weathers, Talia Shire, Burgess Meredith, Burt Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Roller Boogie, ethnicity is American, director is Mark L. Lester, cast is Linda Blair, Jim Bray, Beverly Garland, Mark Goddard, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is The Rose, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Rydell, cast is Bette Midler, Alan Bates, Frederic Forrest, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Scavenger Hunt, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Schultz, cast is Cloris Leachman, Cleavon Little, Tony Randall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is The Seduction of Joe Tynan, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Schatzberg, cast is Alan Alda, Meryl Streep, Rip Torn, Barbara Harris, Melvyn Douglas, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Skatetown, U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is William A. Levey, cast is Scott Baio, Flip Wilson, Patrick Swayze, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Something Short of Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is David Helpern, cast is Susan Sarandon, David Steinberg, genre is comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Star Trek: The Motion Picture, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wise, cast is William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, DeForest Kelley, Persis Khambatta, Nichelle Nichols, George Takei, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1979, title is Starting Over, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is Burt Reynolds, Jill Clayburgh, Candice Bergen, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1979, title is Take Down, ethnicity is American, director is Kieth Merrill, cast is Lorenzo Lamas, Edward Herrmann, Kathleen Lloyd, genre is drama, sports. Release year is 1979, title is Tilt, ethnicity is American, director is Rudy Durand, cast is Brooke Shields, Charles Durning, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Time After Time, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Meyer, cast is Malcolm McDowell, David Warner, Mary Steenburgen, genre is sci-fi drama. Release year is 1979, title is Tourist Trap, ethnicity is American, director is David Schmoeller, cast is Chuck Connors, Jocelyn Jones, Tanya Roberts, genre is horror. Release year is 1979, title is The Villain, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Kirk Douglas, Ann-Margret, Arnold Schwarzenegger, genre is western, comedy. Release year is 1979, title is The Visitor, ethnicity is American, director is Giulio Paradisi, cast is Glenn Ford, Shelley Winters, Steve Somers, genre is horror. Release year is 1979, title is Wanda Nevada, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Fonda, cast is Peter Fonda, Brooke Shields, genre is western. Release year is 1979, title is The Wanderers, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Kaufman, cast is Ken Wahl, Karen Allen, Val Avery, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is The Warriors, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is James Remar, Michael Beck, David Patrick Kelly, Dorsey Wright, Lynne Thigpen, genre is action. Release year is 1979, title is When a Stranger Calls, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Walton, cast is Carol Kane, Charles Durning, genre is thriller. Release year is 1979, title is Winter Kills, ethnicity is American, director is William Richert, cast is Jeff Bridges, Anthony Perkins, Sterling Hayden, Eli Wallach, Richard Boone, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Wise Blood, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Brad Dourif, John Huston, Ned Beatty, genre is drama. Release year is 1979, title is Wolfman, ethnicity is American, director is Worth Keeter, Earl Owensby, cast is Earl Owensby, Ed Grady, genre is horror. Release year is 1979, title is Yanks, ethnicity is American, director is John Schlesinger, cast is Richard Gere, Vanessa Redgrave, Lisa Eichhorn, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1980, title is Death Watch, ethnicity is American, director is Bertrand Tavernier, cast is Harvey Keitel, Romy Schneider, Harry Dean Stanton, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1980, title is Delusion, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Beattie, cast is Patricia Pearcy, David Hayward, genre is mystery. Release year is 1980, title is Die Laughing, ethnicity is American, director is Jeff Werner, cast is Robby Benson, Charles Durning, Elsa Lanchester, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Dogs of War, ethnicity is American, director is John Irvin, cast is Christopher Walken, Tom Berenger, Colin Blakely, genre is war. Release year is 1980, title is Don't Go in the Woods, ethnicity is American, director is James Bryan, cast is Mary Gail Artz, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Dressed to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Michael Caine, Angie Dickinson, Nancy Allen, Keith Gordon, Dennis Franz, genre is thriller. Release year is 1980, title is The Earthling, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Collinson, cast is William Holden, Rick Schroder, genre is adventure. Release year is 1980, title is The Elephant Man, ethnicity is American, director is David Lynch, cast is Anthony Hopkins, John Hurt, Anne Bancroft, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1980, title is The Exterminator, ethnicity is American, director is James Glickenhaus, cast is Robert Ginty, Samantha Eggar, genre is thriller. Release year is 1980, title is Fade to Black, ethnicity is American, director is Vernon Zimmerman, cast is Dennis Christopher, Linda Kerridge, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Fame, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Parker, cast is Irene Cara, Debbie Allen, Maureen Teefy, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1980, title is Fatso, ethnicity is American, director is Anne Bancroft, cast is Dom DeLuise, Anne Bancroft, Candice Azzara, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1980, title is The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu, ethnicity is American, director is Piers Haggard, cast is Peter Sellers, Sid Caesar, Helen Mirren, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Final Countdown, ethnicity is American, director is Don Taylor, cast is Kirk Douglas, Katharine Ross, Martin Sheen, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1980, title is The First Deadly Sin, ethnicity is American, director is Brian G. Hutton, cast is Frank Sinatra, Faye Dunaway, David Dukes, Brenda Vaccaro, James Whitmore, genre is thriller. Release year is 1980, title is First Family, ethnicity is American, director is Buck Henry, cast is Bob Newhart, Madeline Kahn, Gilda Radner, Richard Benjamin, Fred Willard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Flash Gordon, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Hodges, cast is Timothy Dalton, Sam J. Jones, Max von Sydow, Melody Anderson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1980, title is The Fog, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Adrienne Barbeau, Jamie Lee Curtis, Janet Leigh, John Houseman, Hal Holbrook, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Foolin' Around, ethnicity is American, director is Richard T. Heffron, cast is Gary Busey, Annette O'Toole, Cloris Leachman, William H. Macy, Tony Randall, Eddie Albert, genre is romance. Release year is 1980, title is The Formula, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is George C. Scott, Marlon Brando, genre is thriller. Release year is 1980, title is Foxes, ethnicity is American, director is Adrian Lyne, cast is Scott Baio, Jodie Foster, Randy Quaid, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is Friday the 13th, ethnicity is American, director is Sean S. Cunningham, cast is Betsy Palmer, Adrienne King, Kevin Bacon, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Galaxina, ethnicity is American, director is William Sachs, cast is Dorothy Stratten, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1980, title is Gloria, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Gena Rowlands, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1980, title is The Gong Show Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Barris, cast is Chuck Barris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Hangar 18, ethnicity is American, director is James L. Conway, cast is Gary Collins, Darren McGavin, Robert Vaughn, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1980, title is He Knows You're Alone, ethnicity is American, director is Armand Hamson, cast is Don Scardino, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Health, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Carol Burnett, James Garner, Glenda Jackson, Lauren Bacall, Dick Cavett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Heart Beat, ethnicity is American, director is John Byrum, cast is Nick Nolte, Sissy Spacek, John Heard, genre is romance. Release year is 1980, title is Heaven's Gate, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Cimino, cast is Kris Kristofferson, Christopher Walken, Isabelle Huppert, John Hurt, Jeff Bridges, Sam Waterston, Mickey Rourke, genre is western. Release year is 1980, title is Herbie Goes Bananas, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent McEveety, cast is Cloris Leachman, Harvey Korman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Hero at Large, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Davidson, cast is Anne Archer, John Ritter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Hollywood Knights, ethnicity is American, director is Floyd Mutrux, cast is Tony Danza, Fran Drescher, Michelle Pfeiffer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Honeysuckle Rose, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Schatzberg, cast is Willie Nelson, Dyan Cannon, Amy Irving, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is Hopscotch, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is Walter Matthau, Glenda Jackson, Ned Beatty, Sam Waterston, genre is mystery. Release year is 1980, title is Humanoids from the Deep, ethnicity is American, director is Barbara Peters, cast is Doug McClure, Vic Morrow, Ann Turkel, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1980, title is The Idolmaker, ethnicity is American, director is Taylor Hackford, cast is Ray Sharkey, Peter Gallagher, Joe Pantoliano, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is Image of the Beast, ethnicity is American, director is Donald W. Thompson, cast is William Wellman, Jr., genre is thriller. Release year is 1980, title is In God We Tru$t, ethnicity is American, director is Marty Feldman, cast is Peter Boyle, Andy Kaufman, Richard Pryor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Inside Moves, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is David Morse, John Savage, Diana Scarwid, Harold Russell, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is It's My Turn, ethnicity is American, director is Claudia Weill, cast is Jill Clayburgh, Michael Douglas, Charles Grodin, Beverly Garland, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Jazz Singer, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Neil Diamond, Laurence Olivier, Lucie Arnaz, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1980, title is Just Tell Me What You Want, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Alan King, Ali MacGraw, Peter Weller, Myrna Loy, Keenan Wynn, Dina Merrill, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Kidnapping of the President, ethnicity is American, director is George Mendeluk, cast is Ava Gardner, Van Johnson, William Shatner, genre is thriller. Release year is 1980, title is Kill or Be Killed, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Hall, cast is Charlotte Michelle, James Ryan, genre is action. Release year is 1980, title is The Last Flight of Noah's Ark, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Jarrott, cast is Elliott Gould, Rick Schroder, genre is adventure, family. Release year is 1980, title is The Last Married Couple in America, ethnicity is American, director is Gil Cates, cast is George Segal, Natalie Wood, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Lathe of Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is David Loxton, cast is Kevin Conway, Bruce Davison, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1980, title is The Legend of Alfred Packer, ethnicity is American, director is James W. Roberson, cast is Patrick Day, genre is western. Release year is 1980, title is Little Darlings, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald F. Maxwell, cast is Tatum O'Neal, Kristy McNichol, Matt Dillon, Armand Assante, Cynthia Nixon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Little Miss Marker, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Bernstein, cast is Walter Matthau, Julie Andrews, Bob Newhart, Tony Curtis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Long Riders, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is David Carradine, Keith Carradine, Robert Carradine, Randy Quaid, Dennis Quaid, Stacy Keach, James Keach, Christopher Guest, Nicholas Guest, genre is western. Release year is 1980, title is Loving Couples, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is Shirley MacLaine, James Coburn, Susan Sarandon, genre is romance. Release year is 1980, title is The Man with Bogart's Face, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Day, cast is Robert Sacchi, Victor Buono, Misty Rowe, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Maniac!, ethnicity is American, director is William Lustig, cast is Caroline Munro, Joe Spinell, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Melvin and Howard, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Demme, cast is Jason Robards, Paul LeMat, Mary Steenburgen, genre is comedy, biography. Release year is 1980, title is Middle Age Crazy, ethnicity is American, director is John Trent, cast is Bruce Dern, Ann-Margret, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Midnight Madness, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Nankin, David Wechter, cast is Michael J. Fox, David Naughton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Mirror Crack'd, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Hamilton, cast is Angela Lansbury, Rock Hudson, Elizabeth Taylor, Tony Curtis, Kim Novak, genre is mystery. Release year is 1980, title is The Monster Club, ethnicity is American, director is Roy Ward Baker, cast is Vincent Price, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Motel Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Kevin Connor, cast is Rory Calhoun, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Mother's Day, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Kaufman, cast is Nancy Hendrickson, Deborah Luce, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is The Mountain Men, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lang, cast is Charlton Heston, Brian Keith, Seymour Cassel, genre is adventure. Release year is 1980, title is My Bodyguard, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Bill, cast is Adam Baldwin, Matt Dillon, Chris Makepeace, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is Night of the Demon, ethnicity is American, director is James C. Wasson, cast is Joy Allen, Bob Collins, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Nightkill, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Post, cast is Robert Mitchum, Jaclyn Smith, James Franciscus, genre is thriller. Release year is 1980, title is Nine to Five, ethnicity is American, director is Colin Higgins, cast is Jane Fonda, Dolly Parton, Lily Tomlin, Dabney Coleman, Elizabeth Wilson, Sterling Hayden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Ninth Configuration, ethnicity is American, director is William Peter Blatty, cast is Stacy Keach, Jason Miller, Ed Flanders, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is The Octagon, ethnicity is American, director is Eric Karson, cast is Chuck Norris, genre is action. Release year is 1980, title is Oh Heavenly Dog, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Camp, cast is Chevy Chase, Jane Seymour, Omar Sharif, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Ordinary People, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Redford, cast is Mary Tyler Moore, Donald Sutherland, Timothy Hutton, Judd Hirsch, Elizabeth McGovern, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is The Pilot, ethnicity is American, director is Cliff Robertson, cast is Cliff Robertson, Diane Baker, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is Popeye, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Robin Williams, Shelley Duvall, Paul Dooley, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Pray TV, ethnicity is American, director is Rick Friedberg, cast is Rosemary Alexander, Dabney Coleman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Private Benjamin, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Zieff, cast is Goldie Hawn, Armand Assante, Eileen Brennan, Albert Brooks, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Private Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is Lang Elliott, cast is Tim Conway, Don Knotts, Trisha Noble, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Prom Night, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Lynch, cast is Jamie Lee Curtis, Leslie Nielsen, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is The Psychotronic Man, ethnicity is American, director is Jack M. Sell, cast is Peter Spelson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1980, title is Raging Bull, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Robert De Niro, Joe Pesci, Cathy Moriarty, genre is biography, drama. Release year is 1980, title is Raise the Titanic, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Jameson, cast is Jason Robards, Alec Guinness, Anne Archer, genre is action. Release year is 1980, title is The Return of the King, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Bass, cast is Orson Bean, John Huston, Roddy McDowall, genre is animation. Release year is 1980, title is Roadie, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rudolph, cast is Art Carney, Meat Loaf, genre is comedy, musical. Release year is 1980, title is Rough Cut, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Burt Reynolds, David Niven, Lesley-Anne Down, genre is crime, comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Running Scared, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Glickler, cast is Judge Reinhold, Ken Wahl, genre is action. Release year is 1980, title is Saturn 3, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Kirk Douglas, Farrah Fawcett, Harvey Keitel, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1980, title is Schizoid, ethnicity is American, director is David Paulsen, cast is Marianna Hill, Craig Wasson, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Scruples, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Levi, cast is Lindsay Wagner, Marie-France Pisier, Barry Bostwick, Kim Cattrall, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., Nick Mancuso, Connie Stevens, Gene Tierney, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is The Sea Wolves, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Roger Moore, Gregory Peck, genre is action, war. Release year is 1980, title is Seems Like Old Times, ethnicity is American, director is Jay Sandrich, cast is Chevy Chase, Goldie Hawn, Charles Grodin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Serial, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Persky, cast is Martin Mull, Tuesday Weld, Christopher Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Shining, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is Jack Nicholson, Shelley Duvall, Scatman Crothers, Danny Lloyd, Anne Jackson, Barry Nelson, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Silent Scream, ethnicity is American, director is Denny Harris, cast is Cameron Mitchell, Yvonne De Carlo, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Simon, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Brickman, cast is Alan Arkin, Madeline Kahn, Austin Pendleton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Smokey and the Bandit II, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Burt Reynolds, Sally Field, Jackie Gleason, Jerry Reed, Dom DeLuise, genre is action, comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Somewhere in Time, ethnicity is American, director is Jeannot Szwarc, cast is Christopher Reeve, Jane Seymour, genre is fantasy, romance. Release year is 1980, title is The Empire Strikes Back, ethnicity is American, director is Irvin Kershner, cast is Carrie Fisher, Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill, Billy Dee Williams, Alec Guinness, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1980, title is Stardust Memories, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Woody Allen, Charlotte Rampling, Jessica Harper, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1980, title is Stir Crazy, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Poitier, cast is Richard Pryor, Gene Wilder, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Stunt Man, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rush, cast is Barbara Hershey, Peter O'Toole, Steve Railsback, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1980, title is Superman II, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Gene Hackman, Christopher Reeve, Margot Kidder, Terence Stamp, Sarah Douglas, Jack O'Halloran, Clifton James, Marc McClure, Valerie Perrine, genre is action, adventure. Release year is 1980, title is Terror Train, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Spottiswoode, cast is Hart Bochner, David Copperfield, Ben Johnson, Jamie Lee Curtis, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Those Lips, Those Eyes, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Pressman, cast is Frank Langella, Glynnis O'Connor, Tom Hulce, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Times Square, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Moyle, cast is Tim Curry, Trini Alvarado, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1980, title is Tom Horn, ethnicity is American, director is William Wiard, cast is Steve McQueen, Linda Evans, Richard Farnsworth, genre is western, biography. Release year is 1980, title is The Unseen, ethnicity is American, director is Danny Steinmann, cast is Stephen Furst, Barbara Bach, genre is horror. Release year is 1980, title is Up the Academy, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Downey, Sr., cast is Ralph Macchio, Barbara Bach, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Urban Cowboy, ethnicity is American, director is James Bridges, cast is John Travolta, Debra Winger, Scott Glenn, genre is drama. Release year is 1980, title is Used Cars, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Zemeckis, cast is Kurt Russell, Jack Warden, Gerrit Graham, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is The Watcher in the Woods, ethnicity is American, director is John Hough, Vincent McEveety, cast is Carroll Baker, Bette Davis, genre is fantasy, thriller. Release year is 1980, title is When Time Ran Out, ethnicity is American, director is James Goldstone, cast is Paul Newman, Jacqueline Bisset, William Holden, James Franciscus, Ernest Borgnine, Red Buttons, Barbara Carrera, Burgess Meredith, genre is disaster film. Release year is 1980, title is Where the Buffalo Roam, ethnicity is American, director is Art Linson, cast is Bill Murray, Peter Boyle, Bruno Kirby, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Wholly Moses, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Weis, cast is Dudley Moore, Laraine Newman, Jack Gilford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Why Would I Lie?, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Peerce, cast is Treat Williams, Lisa Eichhorn, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1980, title is Willie & Phil, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Mazursky, cast is Margot Kidder, Michael Ontkean, Ray Sharkey, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1980, title is Windows, ethnicity is American, director is Gordon Willis, cast is Joseph Cortese, Talia Shire, genre is drama, thriller. Release year is 1980, title is Witches' Brew, ethnicity is American, director is Donna Ashbrook, cast is Teri Garr, Richard Benjamin, Lana Turner, genre is comedy. Release year is 1980, title is Xanadu, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Greenwald, cast is Olivia Newton-John, Michael Beck, Gene Kelly, genre is fantasy, musical. Release year is 1981, title is Absence of Malice, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Paul Newman, Sally Field, Bob Balaban, Melinda Dillon, Wilford Brimley, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is All Night Long, ethnicity is American, director is Jean-Claude Tramont, cast is Gene Hackman, Barbra Streisand, Diane Ladd, Dennis Quaid, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is ...All the Marbles, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Aldrich, cast is Peter Falk, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1981, title is The Amateur, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Jarrott, cast is John Savage, Christopher Plummer, genre is spy. Release year is 1981, title is American Pop, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Bakshi, cast is Lisa Jane Persky, Ron Thompson, genre is drama, animated. Release year is 1981, title is An American Werewolf in London, ethnicity is American, director is John Landis, cast is David Naughton, Griffin Dunne, genre is horror, comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Amy, ethnicity is American, director is Vincent McEveety, cast is Jenny Agutter, Barry Newman, genre is family. Release year is 1981, title is Arthur, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Gordon, cast is Dudley Moore, Liza Minnelli, John Gielgud, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Jill Eikenberry, Ted Ross, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Back Roads, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Sally Field, Tommy Lee Jones, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Blow Out, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is John Travolta, Nancy Allen, John Lithgow, Dennis Franz, genre is thriller. Release year is 1981, title is Body Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Lawrence Kasdan, cast is William Hurt, Kathleen Turner, Richard Crenna, Ted Danson, J.A. Preston, Mickey Rourke, genre is suspense. Release year is 1981, title is Buddy Buddy, ethnicity is American, director is Billy Wilder, cast is Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, Paula Prentiss, Klaus Kinski, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Burned at the Stake, ethnicity is American, director is Bert I. Gordon, cast is Susan Swift, Albert Salmi, Guy Stockwell, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is The Burning, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Maylam, cast is Brian Matthews, Holly Hunter, Jason Alexander, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is Bustin' Loose, ethnicity is American, director is Oz Scott, cast is Richard Pryor, Cicely Tyson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is The Cannonball Run, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Burt Reynolds, Dom DeLuise, Farrah Fawcett, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis, Jr., Roger Moore, Jackie Chan, genre is comedy, action. Release year is 1981, title is Carbon Copy, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Schultz, cast is George Segal, Susan Saint James, Denzel Washington, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Cattle Annie and Little Britches, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is Burt Lancaster, Amanda Plummer, Diane Lane, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Caveman, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Gottlieb, cast is Ringo Starr, Dennis Quaid, Shelley Long, Barbara Bach, John Matuszak, Jack Gilford, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Charlie Chan and the Curse of the Dragon Queen, ethnicity is American, director is Clive Donner, cast is Peter Ustinov, Angie Dickinson, genre is mystery. Release year is 1981, title is The Chosen, ethnicity is American, director is Jeremy Kagan, cast is Maximilian Schell, Rod Steiger, Robby Benson, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Circle of Power, ethnicity is American, director is Bobby Roth, cast is Yvette Mimieux, Christopher Allport, genre is thriller. Release year is 1981, title is Chu Chu and the Philly Flash, ethnicity is American, director is David Lowell Rich, cast is Alan Arkin, Carol Burnett, Jack Warden, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Clash of the Titans, ethnicity is American, director is Desmond Davis, cast is Laurence Olivier, Harry Hamlin, Maggie Smith, Burgess Meredith, Ursula Andress, Judi Bowker, Claire Bloom, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1981, title is Condorman, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Jarrott, cast is Michael Crawford, Oliver Reed, Barbara Carrera, genre is adventure. Release year is 1981, title is Continental Divide, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Apted, cast is John Belushi, Blair Brown, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Cutter's Way, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Passer, cast is Jeff Bridges, John Heard, Lisa Eichhorn, genre is mystery, drama. Release year is 1981, title is Dead & Buried, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Sherman, cast is Melody Anderson, Jack Albertson, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is Deadly Blessing, ethnicity is American, director is Wes Craven, cast is Maren Jensen, Sharon Stone, Susan Buckner, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is Death of a Centerfold: The Dorothy Stratten Story, ethnicity is American, director is Gabrielle Beaumont, cast is Jamie Lee Curtis, Bruce Weitz, Robert Reed, genre is biography. Release year is 1981, title is Death Hunt, ethnicity is American, director is Peter R. Hunt, cast is Charles Bronson, Lee Marvin, Angie Dickinson, Andrew Stevens, Carl Weathers, Ed Lauter, genre is adventure. Release year is 1981, title is The Devil and Max Devlin, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Hilliard Stern, cast is Elliott Gould, Bill Cosby, Susan Anspach, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Dragonslayer, ethnicity is American, director is Matthew Robbins, cast is Peter MacNicol, Ralph Richardson, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1981, title is Endless Love, ethnicity is American, director is Franco Zeffirelli, cast is Brooke Shields, Martin Hewitt, Don Murray, Shirley Knight, Richard Kiley, Beatrice Straight, Penelope Milford, James Spader, Tom Cruise, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Enter the Ninja, ethnicity is American, director is Menahem Golan, cast is Franco Nero, Susan George, Sho Kosugi, Christopher George, genre is action. Release year is 1981, title is Escape from New York, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Kurt Russell, Lee Van Cleef, Donald Pleasence, Adrienne Barbeau, Isaac Hayes, Ernest Borgnine, genre is thriller. Release year is 1981, title is Escape to Victory, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Michael Caine, Max von Sydow, genre is p.o.w.. Release year is 1981, title is The Evil Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Raimi, cast is Bruce Campbell, Ellen Sandweiss, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is An Eye for an Eye, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Carver, cast is Chuck Norris, Christopher Reeve, Richard Roundtree, genre is action. Release year is 1981, title is Eye of the Needle, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Marquand, cast is Donald Sutherland, Kate Nelligan, Christopher Cazenove, genre is spy film. Release year is 1981, title is Eyewitness, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is William Hurt, Sigourney Weaver, James Woods, Christopher Plummer, genre is mystery, thriller. Release year is 1981, title is Excalibur, ethnicity is American, director is John Boorman, cast is Nigel Terry, Helen Mirren, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1981, title is The Fan, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Bianchi, cast is Lauren Bacall, James Garner, Maureen Stapleton, Michael Biehn, Hector Elizondo, genre is thriller. Release year is 1981, title is The Final Conflict, ethnicity is American, director is Graham Baker, cast is Sam Neill, Rossano Brazzi, Don Gordon, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is First Monday in October, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald Neame, cast is Walter Matthau, Jill Clayburgh, Barnard Hughes, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Fort Apache, the Bronx, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Paul Newman, Edward Asner, Ken Wahl, Pam Grier, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1981, title is The Four Seasons, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Alda, cast is Alan Alda, Carol Burnett, Rita Moreno, Len Cariou, Jack Weston, Sandy Dennis, Bess Armstrong, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1981, title is The Fox and the Hound, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rich, cast is voices of Pearl Bailey, Mickey Rooney, genre is animated film. Release year is 1981, title is Friday the 13th Part 2, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Miner, cast is Adrienne King, Amy Steel, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is The Funhouse, ethnicity is American, director is Tobe Hooper, cast is Elizabeth Berridge, Jack McDermott, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is Galaxy of Terror, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce D. Clark, cast is Edward Albert, Erin Moran, Ray Walston, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1981, title is Ghost Story, ethnicity is American, director is John Irvin, cast is Fred Astaire, John Houseman, Melvyn Douglas, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is Going Ape!, ethnicity is American, director is Jeremy Joe Kronsberg, cast is Tony Danza, Jessica Walter, Danny DeVito, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Graduation Day, ethnicity is American, director is Herb Freed, cast is Christopher George, Michael Pataki, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is The Great Muppet Caper, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Henson, cast is Diana Rigg, Charles Grodin, genre is comedy, family. Release year is 1981, title is Halloween II, ethnicity is American, director is Rick Rosenthal, cast is Jamie Lee Curtis, Donald Pleasence, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is The Hand, ethnicity is American, director is Oliver Stone, cast is Michael Caine, Andrea Marcovicci, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is Hardly Working, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, Susan Oliver, Deanna Lund, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Harry's War, ethnicity is American, director is Kieth Merrill, cast is Edward Herrmann, Geraldine Page, Karen Grassle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Heartbeeps, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Arkush, cast is Andy Kaufman, Bernadette Peters, Randy Quaid, genre is sci-fi comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Heavy Metal, ethnicity is American, director is Gerald Potterton, cast is Voices of John Candy, Eugene Levy, Harold Ramis, genre is animated. Release year is 1981, title is Hell Night, ethnicity is American, director is Tom DeSimone, cast is Linda Blair, Vincent Van Patten, Peter Barton, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is History of the World: Part I, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Brooks, cast is Mel Brooks, Gregory Hines, Madeline Kahn, Harvey Korman, Cloris Leachman, Pamela Stephenson, Mary-Margaret Humes, Sid Caesar, Dom DeLuise, Ron Carey, Shecky Greene, Orson Welles, genre is comedy, anthology. Release year is 1981, title is Honky Tonk Freeway, ethnicity is American, director is John Schlesinger, cast is Beverly D'Angelo, Beau Bridges, William Devane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is The Howling, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Dante, cast is Dee Wallace, Patrick Macnee, Christopher Stone, Belinda Balaski, Elisabeth Brooks, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is The Incredible Shrinking Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Joel Schumacher, cast is Lily Tomlin, Charles Grodin, Ned Beatty, Henry Gibson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Knightriders, ethnicity is American, director is George A. Romero, cast is Ed Harris, Tom Savini, genre is action. Release year is 1981, title is Ladies and Gentlemen, the Fabulous Stains, ethnicity is American, director is Lou Adler, cast is Diane Lane, Laura Dern, Ray Winstone, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is The Last Chase, ethnicity is American, director is Martyn Burke, cast is Lee Majors, Burgess Meredith, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1981, title is The Legend of the Lone Ranger, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Fraker, cast is Klinton Spilsbury, Michael Horse, Christopher Lloyd, Jason Robards, genre is western. Release year is 1981, title is Lion of the Desert, ethnicity is American, director is Moustapha Akkad, cast is Anthony Quinn, Rod Steiger, John Gielgud, genre is biography, war. Release year is 1981, title is Looker, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Crichton, cast is Albert Finney, James Coburn, Susan Dey, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1981, title is Modern Problems, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Shapiro, cast is Chevy Chase, Dabney Coleman, Nell Carter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Modern Romance, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Brooks, cast is Albert Brooks, Kathryn Harrold, Bruno Kirby, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Mommie Dearest, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Faye Dunaway, Diana Scarwid, Mara Hobel, Steve Forrest, Rutanya Alda, Howard Da Silva, genre is biography. Release year is 1981, title is Ms. 45, ethnicity is American, director is Abel Ferrara, cast is Zoe Tamerlis Lund, Abel Ferrara, genre is action. Release year is 1981, title is Neighbors, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is John Belushi, Dan Aykroyd, Cathy Moriarty, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is The Nesting, ethnicity is American, director is Armand Weston, cast is Robin Groves, Christopher Loomis, John Carradine, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is Nice Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Tommy Chong, cast is Cheech Marin, Tommy Chong, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia, ethnicity is American, director is Ronald F. Maxwell, cast is Kristy McNichol, Dennis Quaid, Mark Hamill, genre is musical. Release year is 1981, title is Nighthawks, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Malmuth, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Rutger Hauer, Billy Dee Williams, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1981, title is On Golden Pond, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Rydell, cast is Henry Fonda, Katharine Hepburn, Jane Fonda, Dabney Coleman, Doug McKeon, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is On the Right Track, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Philips, cast is Gary Coleman, Michael Lembeck, Lisa Eilbacher, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Only When I Laugh, ethnicity is American, director is Glenn Jordan, cast is Marsha Mason, Joan Hackett, James Coco, David Dukes, Kristy McNichol, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Paternity, ethnicity is American, director is David Steinberg, cast is Burt Reynolds, Beverly D'Angelo, Elizabeth Ashley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Pennies from Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Steve Martin, Bernadette Peters, Jessica Harper, genre is musical, drama. Release year is 1981, title is Piranha II: The Spawning, ethnicity is American, director is James Cameron, cast is Tricia O'Neil, Lance Henriksen, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is Polyester, ethnicity is American, director is John Waters, cast is Divine, Tab Hunter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is The Postman Always Rings Twice, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Rafelson, cast is Jack Nicholson, Jessica Lange, John Colicos, Michael Lerner, John P. Ryan, Anjelica Huston, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1981, title is Prince of the City, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Treat Williams, Jerry Orbach, Lindsay Crouse, Bob Balaban, James Tolkan, Lane Smith, Lee Richardson, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1981, title is Private Lessons, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Myerson, cast is Sylvia Kristel, Howard Hesseman, Ed Begley, Jr., genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is The Prowler, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Zito, cast is Vicky Dawson, Christopher Goutman, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is The Pursuit of D. B. Cooper, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Spottiswoode, cast is Treat Williams, Robert Duvall, Kathryn Harrold, genre is true crime. Release year is 1981, title is Ragtime, ethnicity is American, director is Miloš Forman, cast is Elizabeth McGovern, Howard Rollins, James Cagney, Pat O'Brien, Kenneth McMillan, Mary Steenburgen, James Olson, Mandy Patinkin, Brad Dourif, Moses Gunn, Robert Joy, Donald O'Connor, Norman Mailer, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Raiders of the Lost Ark, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Denholm Elliott, Paul Freeman, John Rhys-Davies, Ronald Lacey, Alfred Molina, genre is adventure. Release year is 1981, title is Reds, ethnicity is American, director is Warren Beatty, cast is Warren Beatty, Diane Keaton, Gene Hackman, Maureen Stapleton, Jerzy Kosinski, Paul Sorvino, Jack Nicholson, genre is epic, biography. Release year is 1981, title is Rich and Famous, ethnicity is American, director is George Cukor, cast is Jacqueline Bisset, Candice Bergen, Hart Bochner, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Rollover, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is Jane Fonda, Kris Kristofferson, Hume Cronyn, genre is thriller. Release year is 1981, title is Ruckus, ethnicity is American, director is Max Kleven, cast is Dirk Benedict, Linda Blair, Richard Farnsworth, genre is action comedy. Release year is 1981, title is S.O.B., ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Julie Andrews, William Holden, Richard Mulligan, Robert Preston, Robert Webber, Robert Vaughn, Larry Hagman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is The Salamander, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Zinner, cast is Franco Nero, Anthony Quinn, Sybil Danning, genre is thriller. Release year is 1981, title is Saturday the 14th, ethnicity is American, director is Howard R. Cohen, cast is Richard Benjamin, Paula Prentiss, Severn Darden, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Sharky's Machine, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Reynolds, cast is Burt Reynolds, Rachel Ward, Vittorio Gassman, Henry Silva, Charles Durning, Earl Holliman, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1981, title is Shock Treatment, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Sharman, cast is Cliff DeYoung, Jessica Harper, genre is musical. Release year is 1981, title is Southern Comfort, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Powers Boothe, Keith Carradine, Fred Ward, Peter Coyote, genre is thriller. Release year is 1981, title is Sphinx, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is Frank Langella, Lesley-Anne Down, John Gielgud, genre is adventure. Release year is 1981, title is Stripes, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Reitman, cast is Bill Murray, Harold Ramis, Warren Oates, John Candy, Sean Young, P.J. Soles, John Larroquette, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Student Bodies, ethnicity is American, director is Mickey Rose, cast is Kristen Riter, Matt Goldsby, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Take This Job and Shove It, ethnicity is American, director is Gus Trikonis, cast is Robert Hays, Art Carney, Barbara Hershey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Taps, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Becker, cast is George C. Scott, Timothy Hutton, Ronny Cox, Sean Penn, Tom Cruise, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Tarzan, the Ape Man, ethnicity is American, director is John Derek, cast is Bo Derek, Richard Harris, John Phillip Law, Miles O'Keeffe, genre is adventure. Release year is 1981, title is Tattoo, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Brooks, cast is Bruce Dern, Maud Adams, Leonard Frey, genre is thriller. Release year is 1981, title is They All Laughed, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Bogdanovich, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Ben Gazzara, Patti Hansen, Dorothy Stratten, John Ritter, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1981, title is Thief, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Mann, cast is James Caan, Tuesday Weld, James Belushi, Robert Prosky, Willie Nelson, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1981, title is True Confessions, ethnicity is American, director is Ulu Grosbard, cast is Robert De Niro, Robert Duvall, Charles Durning, Kenneth McMillan, Cyril Cusack, Ed Flanders, Burgess Meredith, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1981, title is Tuck Everlasting, ethnicity is American, director is Frederick King Keller, cast is Margaret Chamberlain, Paul Fleesa, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1981, title is Whose Life Is It Anyway?, ethnicity is American, director is John Badham, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, John Cassavetes, Christine Lahti, Thomas Carter, Kenneth McMillan, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Wolfen, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Wadleigh, cast is Albert Finney, Gregory Hines, genre is horror. Release year is 1981, title is Zoot Suit, ethnicity is American, director is Luis Valdez, cast is Edward James Olmos, Daniel Valdez, Tyne Daly, genre is drama. Release year is 1981, title is Zorro, the Gay Blade, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Medak, cast is George Hamilton, Lauren Hutton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is 48 Hrs., ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Nick Nolte, Eddie Murphy, Annette O'Toole, James Remar, David Patrick Kelly, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Airplane II: The Sequel, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Finkleman, cast is Robert Hays, Julie Hagerty, Lloyd Bridges, Chad Everett, William Shatner, Rip Torn, Sonny Bono, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Alone in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Sholder, cast is Jack Palance, Donald Pleasence, genre is slasher. Release year is 1982, title is Amityville II: The Possession, ethnicity is American, director is Damiano Damiani, cast is James Olson, Burt Young, Rutanya Alda, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Android, ethnicity is American, director is Aaron Lipstadt, cast is Klaus Kinski, Brie Howard, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1982, title is Annie, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Albert Finney, Carol Burnett, Tim Curry, Bernadette Peters, Ann Reinking, Geoffrey Holder, Edward Herrmann, Aileen Quinn, genre is musical. Release year is 1982, title is Barbarosa, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Schepisi, cast is Willie Nelson, Gary Busey, Isela Vega, genre is western. Release year is 1982, title is Basket Case, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Henenlotter, cast is Kevin Van Hentenryck, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is The Beach Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Pat Townsend, cast is Jeana Tomasino, Debra Blee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is The Beast Within, ethnicity is American, director is Philippe Mora, cast is Ronny Cox, Bibi Besch, L.Q. Jones, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is The Beastmaster, ethnicity is American, director is Don Coscarelli, cast is Marc Singer, Tanya Roberts, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1982, title is Best Friends, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Burt Reynolds, Goldie Hawn, Jessica Tandy, Barnard Hughes, Ron Silver, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1982, title is The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, ethnicity is American, director is Colin Higgins, cast is Dolly Parton, Burt Reynolds, Charles Durning, Dom DeLuise, Jim Nabors, genre is musical. Release year is 1982, title is Blade Runner, ethnicity is American, director is Ridley Scott, cast is Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Daryl Hannah, William Sanderson, Joanna Cassidy, Brion James, Joe Turkel, genre is science-fiction. Release year is 1982, title is The Border, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Richardson, cast is Jack Nicholson, Valerie Perrine, Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Mel Blanc, June Foray, genre is animation. Release year is 1982, title is Butterfly, ethnicity is American, director is Matt Cimber, cast is Pia Zadora, Ed McMahon, Orson Welles, Lois Nettleton, June Lockhart, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Cannery Row, ethnicity is American, director is David S. Ward, cast is Nick Nolte, Debra Winger, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Cat People, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Schrader, cast is Nastassja Kinski, Malcolm McDowell, Annette O'Toole, John Heard, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Chan Is Missing, ethnicity is American, director is Wayne Wang, cast is Wood Moy, Marc Hayashi, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Come Back to the Five and Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Cher, Sandy Dennis, Karen Black, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Conan the Barbarian, ethnicity is American, director is John Milius, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, James Earl Jones, Mako, genre is action. Release year is 1982, title is The Concrete Jungle, ethnicity is American, director is Tom DeSimone, cast is Jill St. John, Tracey E. Bregman, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Creepshow, ethnicity is American, director is George A. Romero, cast is Hal Holbrook, Adrienne Barbeau, E. G. Marshall, Ted Danson, Fritz Weaver, Leslie Nielsen, Stephen King, genre is horror, comedy. Release year is 1982, title is The Dark Crystal, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Henson, Frank Oz, cast is Voices of Frank Oz, Jim Henson, genre is animated. Release year is 1982, title is Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is Steve Martin, Rachel Ward, Carl Reiner, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Death Wish II, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Winner, cast is Charles Bronson, Jill Ireland, Vincent Gardenia, genre is action. Release year is 1982, title is Deathtrap, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, genre is thriller. Release year is 1982, title is E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Dee Wallace, Henry Thomas, Peter Coyote, Drew Barrymore, Robert MacNaughton, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1982, title is Eating Raoul, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bartel, cast is Paul Bartel, Mary Woronov, Robert Beltran, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Endangered Species, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rudolph, cast is Robert Urich, JoBeth Williams, Paul Dooley, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1982, title is The Escape Artist, ethnicity is American, director is Caleb Deschanel, cast is Raúl Juliá, Griffin O'Neal, Teri Garr, Desi Arnaz, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Fast Times at Ridgemont High, ethnicity is American, director is Amy Heckerling, cast is Sean Penn, Judge Reinhold, Phoebe Cates, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Robert Romanus, Brian Backer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Fast-Walking, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Harris, cast is James Woods, Tim McIntire, Kay Lenz, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Fighting Back, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Teague, cast is Tom Skerritt, Patti LuPone, Michael Sarrazin, genre is action. Release year is 1982, title is Firefox, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, Nigel Hawthorne, genre is action. Release year is 1982, title is First Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Kotcheff, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Richard Crenna, Brian Dennehy, Jack Starrett, David Caruso, genre is action. Release year is 1982, title is Five Days One Summer, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Zinnemann, cast is Sean Connery, Betsy Brantley, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is The Flight of Dragons, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Bass, Katsuhisa Yamada, cast is John Ritter, Bob McFadden, genre is animation. Release year is 1982, title is Forbidden World, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Holzman, cast is Dawn Dunlap, Jesse Vint, Michael Bowen, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1982, title is Forbidden Zone, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Elfman, cast is Hervé Villechaize, Susan Tyrell, Danny Elfman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Frances, ethnicity is American, director is Graeme Clifford, cast is Jessica Lange, Kim Stanley, Sam Shepard, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1982, title is Friday the 13th Part III, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Miner, cast is Dana Kimmell, Larry Zerner, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Gandhi, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Attenborough, cast is Ben Kingsley, Edward Fox, John Gielgud, Trevor Howard, John Mills, Martin Sheen, Candice Bergen, genre is biography. Release year is 1982, title is Grease 2, ethnicity is American, director is Patricia Birch, cast is Maxwell Caulfield, Michelle Pfeiffer, Adrian Zmed, Didi Conn, Eve Arden, Sid Caesar, Dody Goodman, Eddie Deezen, Connie Stevens, Lorna Luft, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Halloween III: Season of the Witch, ethnicity is American, director is Tommy Lee Wallace, cast is Dan O'Herlihy, Stacey Nelkin, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Hammett, ethnicity is American, director is Wim Wenders, cast is Frederic Forrest, Marilu Henner, Peter Boyle, genre is mystery. Release year is 1982, title is Hanky Panky, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Poitier, cast is Gene Wilder, Gilda Radner, Richard Widmark, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Harry Tracy, ethnicity is American, director is William A. Graham, cast is Bruce Dern, Helen Shaver, genre is western. Release year is 1982, title is Heidi's Song, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Taylor, cast is Lorne Greene, Margery Gray, Sammy Davis, Jr., genre is animation, family. Release year is 1982, title is Hey Good Lookin', ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Bakshi, cast is Voices of David Proval, Tina Bowman, genre is animation, adult. Release year is 1982, title is Honkytonk Man, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, Kyle Eastwood, Verna Bloom, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Hospital Massacre, ethnicity is American, director is Boaz Davidson, cast is Jon Van Ness, Barbi Benton, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Human Highway, ethnicity is American, director is Neil Young, Dean Stockwell, cast is Neil Young, Russ Tamblyn, Devo, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is I Ought to Be in Pictures, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Walter Matthau, Ann-Margret, Dinah Manoff, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is I, the Jury, ethnicity is American, director is Richard T. Heffron, cast is Armand Assante, Paul Sorvino, Barbara Carrera, genre is action. Release year is 1982, title is I'm Dancing as Fast as I Can, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Hofsiss, cast is Jill Clayburgh, Nicol Williamson, Dianne Wiest, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1982, title is Inchon, ethnicity is American, director is Terence Young, cast is Laurence Olivier, Toshirō Mifune, Ben Gazzara, Jacqueline Bisset, Richard Roundtree, genre is war. Release year is 1982, title is Jekyll and Hyde... Together Again, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Belson, cast is Bess Armstrong, Tim Thomerson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Jinxed!, ethnicity is American, director is Don Siegel, cast is Bette Midler, Rip Torn, Ken Wahl, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Kill Squad, ethnicity is American, director is Patrick G. Donahue, cast is Cameron Mitchell, Jean Glaudé, genre is martial arts. Release year is 1982, title is Kiss Me Goodbye, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Sally Field, James Caan, Jeff Bridges, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1982, title is The Last American Virgin, ethnicity is American, director is Boaz Davidson, cast is Lawrence Monoson, Diane Franklin, Steve Antin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is The Last Horror Film, ethnicity is American, director is David Winters, cast is Caroline Munro, Joe Spinell, genre is comedy horror. Release year is 1982, title is The Last Unicorn, ethnicity is American, director is Jules Bass, Arthur Rankin, Jr., cast is Mia Farrow, Alan Arkin, Jeff Bridges, genre is animation. Release year is 1982, title is Liquid Sky, ethnicity is American, director is Slava Tsukerman, cast is Anne Carlisle, Susan Doukas, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1982, title is Lookin' to Get Out, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is Jon Voight, Ann-Margret, Burt Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Love Child, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Peerce, cast is Amy Madigan, Beau Bridges, Mackenzie Phillips, genre is biography. Release year is 1982, title is Love and Money, ethnicity is American, director is James Toback, cast is Ray Sharkey, Ornella Muti, Klaus Kinski, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Madman, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Giannone, cast is Gaylen Ross, Harriet Bass, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Making Love, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Harry Hamlin, Kate Jackson, Michael Ontkean, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Megaforce, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Barry Bostwick, Persis Khambatta, Michael Beck, genre is action. Release year is 1982, title is A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Mia Farrow, Woody Allen, José Ferrer, Julie Hagerty, Mary Steenburgen, Tony Roberts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Missing, ethnicity is American, director is Costa-Gavras, cast is Jack Lemmon, Sissy Spacek, John Shea, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1982, title is Monsignor, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Christopher Reeve, Geneviève Bujold, Fernando Rey, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Mother Lode, ethnicity is American, director is Charlton Heston, cast is Charlton Heston, Kim Basinger, Nick Mancuso, genre is adventure. Release year is 1982, title is My Favorite Year, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Benjamin, cast is Peter O'Toole, Mark Linn-Baker, Joseph Bologna, Lainie Kazan, Jessica Harper, Bill Macy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Night Crossing, ethnicity is American, director is Delbert Mann, cast is Jane Alexander, Beau Bridges, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Night Shift, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Howard, cast is Henry Winkler, Michael Keaton, Shelley Long, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is An Officer and a Gentleman, ethnicity is American, director is Taylor Hackford, cast is Richard Gere, Louis Gossett, Jr., Debra Winger, David Keith, Lisa Blount, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is One from the Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Teri Garr, Frederic Forrest, Nastassja Kinski, Raúl Juliá, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1982, title is Pandemonium, ethnicity is American, director is Al Sole, cast is Tom Smothers, Paul Reubens, Carol Kane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Parasite, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Band, cast is Demi Moore, Robert Glaudini, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Partners, ethnicity is American, director is James Burrows, cast is John Hurt, Ryan O'Neal, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Personal Best, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Towne, cast is Mariel Hemingway, Scott Glenn, Patrice Donnelly, genre is drama, sports. Release year is 1982, title is Poltergeist, ethnicity is American, director is Tobe Hooper, cast is Craig T. Nelson, Beatrice Straight, Dominique Dunne, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Porky's, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clark, cast is Kim Cattrall, Mark Herrier, Wyatt Knight, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Q, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Cohen, cast is Michael Moriarty, Candy Clark, Richard Roundtree, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1982, title is Rocky III, ethnicity is American, director is Sylvester Stallone, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Carl Weathers, Talia Shire, Burgess Meredith, Burt Young, Mr. T, Hulk Hogan, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Savannah Smiles, ethnicity is American, director is Pierre de Moro, cast is Mark Miller, Donovan Scott, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is The Secret of NIMH, ethnicity is American, director is Don Bluth, cast is Voices of Dom DeLuise, Peter Strauss, genre is animated. Release year is 1982, title is The Seduction, ethnicity is American, director is David Schmoeller, cast is Morgan Fairchild, Andrew Stevens, Colleen Camp, genre is thriller. Release year is 1982, title is The Sender, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Christian, cast is Kathryn Harrold, Paul Freeman, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Shoot the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Parker, cast is Albert Finney, Diane Keaton, Karen Allen, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Silent Rage, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Miller, cast is Chuck Norris, Ron Silver, genre is action. Release year is 1982, title is Six Pack, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Kenny Rogers, Diane Lane, Barry Corbin, Erin Gray, Terry Kiser, Anthony Michael Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Six Weeks, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Bill, cast is Dudley Moore, Mary Tyler Moore, Katherine Healy, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is The Slayer, ethnicity is American, director is J.S. Cardone, cast is Sarah Kendall, Frederick Flynn, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Slumber Party Massacre, ethnicity is American, director is Amy Holden Jones, cast is Michelle Michaels, Andree Honore, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Some Kind of Hero, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Pressman, cast is Richard Pryor, Ronny Cox, Margot Kidder, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Sophie's Choice, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, Peter MacNicol, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Soup for One, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Kaufer, cast is Saul Rubinek, Marcia Strassman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Meyer, cast is William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, Ricardo Montalbán, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1982, title is Still of the Night, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Benton, cast is Meryl Streep, Roy Scheider, genre is suspense. Release year is 1982, title is Summer Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is Randal Kleiser, cast is Peter Gallagher, Daryl Hannah, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Swamp Thing, ethnicity is American, director is Wes Craven, cast is Adrienne Barbeau, Louis Jourdan, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1982, title is The Sword and the Sorcerer, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Pyun, cast is Lee Horsley, Kathleen Beller, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1982, title is Tempest, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Mazursky, cast is John Cassavetes, Gena Rowlands, Molly Ringwald, genre is drama, comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Tex, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Hunter, cast is Matt Dillon, Jim Metzler, Meg Tilly, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is That Championship Season, ethnicity is American, director is Jason Miller, cast is Robert Mitchum, Martin Sheen, Paul Sorvino, Bruce Dern, Stacy Keach, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is They Call Me Bruce?, ethnicity is American, director is Elliott Hong, cast is Johnny Yune, Margaux Hemingway, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is The Thing, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Kurt Russell, Keith David, Wilford Brimley, genre is horror. Release year is 1982, title is Things Are Tough All Over, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas K. Avildsen, cast is Cheech Marin, Tommy Chong, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Timerider: The Adventure of Lyle Swann, ethnicity is American, director is William Dear, cast is Fred Ward, Belinda Bauer, Peter Coyote, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1982, title is Time Walker, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Kennedy, cast is James Karen, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1982, title is Tootsie, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Dustin Hoffman, Jessica Lange, Teri Garr, Charles Durning, Bill Murray, Dabney Coleman, George Gaynes, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is The Toy, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Jackie Gleason, Richard Pryor, Scott Schwartz, Teresa Ganzel, Ned Beatty, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Tron, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Lisberger, cast is Jeff Bridges, David Warner, Bruce Boxleitner, Cindy Morgan, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1982, title is The Verdict, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Paul Newman, Jack Warden, James Mason, Charlotte Rampling, Wesley Addy, Lindsay Crouse, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Vice Squad, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Sherman, cast is Season Hubley, Wings Hauser, Fred Berry, genre is thriller. Release year is 1982, title is Victor Victoria, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Julie Andrews, James Garner, Robert Preston, Lesley Ann Warren, Alex Karras, John Rhys-Davies, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Visiting Hours, ethnicity is American, director is Jean-Claude Lord, cast is Michael Ironside, Lee Grant, genre is thriller. Release year is 1982, title is White Dog, ethnicity is American, director is Samuel Fuller, cast is Kristy McNichol, Paul Winfield, Jameson Parker, genre is thriller. Release year is 1982, title is The World According to Garp, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Robin Williams, Glenn Close, Mary Beth Hurt, John Lithgow, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Wrong Is Right, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Sean Connery, Katharine Ross, genre is drama. Release year is 1982, title is Yes, Giorgio, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is Luciano Pavarotti, Kathryn Harrold, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Young Doctors in Love, ethnicity is American, director is Garry Marshall, cast is Michael McKean, Sean Young, genre is comedy. Release year is 1982, title is Zapped!, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Rosenthal, cast is Scott Baio, Willie Aames, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is 10 to Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Charles Bronson, Lisa Eilbacher, Andrew Stevens, genre is action. Release year is 1983, title is All the Right Moves, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Chapman, cast is Tom Cruise, Craig T. Nelson, Lea Thompson, Chris Penn, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Americana, ethnicity is American, director is David Carradine, cast is David Carradine, Barbara Hershey, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Amityville 3-D, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Tony Roberts, Tess Harper, Robert Joy, genre is horror. Release year is 1983, title is Anna to the Infinite Power, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Wiemer, cast is Dina Merrill, Jack Gilford, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1983, title is Baby It's You, ethnicity is American, director is John Sayles, cast is Rosanna Arquette, Vincent Spano, Joanna Merlin, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Bad Boys, ethnicity is American, director is Rick Rosenthal, cast is Sean Penn, Esai Morales, Reni Santoni, Ally Sheedy, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Better Late Than Never, ethnicity is American, director is Bryan Forbes, cast is David Niven, Maggie Smith, Art Carney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is The Big Chill, ethnicity is American, director is Lawrence Kasdan, cast is Glenn Close, Tom Berenger, Kevin Kline, JoBeth Williams, Jeff Goldblum, William Hurt, Meg Tilly, Mary Kay Place, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is The Black Stallion Returns, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Dalva, cast is Kelly Reno, Vincent Spano, Teri Garr, genre is family. Release year is 1983, title is Blue Thunder, ethnicity is American, director is John Badham, cast is Roy Scheider, Malcolm McDowell, Daniel Stern, genre is action. Release year is 1983, title is Born in Flames, ethnicity is American, director is Lizzie Borden, cast is Jeanne Satterfield, genre is 16 mm film. Release year is 1983, title is Brainstorm, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Trumbull, cast is Natalie Wood, Christopher Walken, Louise Fletcher, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1983, title is Breathless, ethnicity is American, director is Jim McBride, cast is Richard Gere, Valérie Kaprisky, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Can She Bake a Cherry Pie?, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Jaglom, cast is Karen Black, Michael Emil, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Christine, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Keith Gordon, John Stockwell, Alexandra Paul, Robert Prosky, Harry Dean Stanton, genre is thriller. Release year is 1983, title is A Christmas Story, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clark, cast is Peter Billingsley, Darren McGavin, Melinda Dillon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Circle of Power, ethnicity is American, director is Bobby Roth, cast is Yvette Mimieux, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Class, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis John Carlino, cast is Jacqueline Bisset, Rob Lowe, Andrew McCarthy, Cliff Robertson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Cracking Up, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Lewis, cast is Jerry Lewis, Herb Edelman, Zane Buzby, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Cross Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Mary Steenburgen, Peter Coyote, Rip Torn, Alfre Woodard, Dana Hill, genre is biography. Release year is 1983, title is Cujo, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Teague, cast is Dee Wallace, Danny Pintauro, Daniel Hugh Kelly, Christopher Stone, genre is horror. Release year is 1983, title is D.C. Cab, ethnicity is American, director is Joel Schumacher, cast is Adam Baldwin, Mr. T, Gary Busey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Daffy Duck's Fantastic Island, ethnicity is American, director is Friz Freleng, cast is Mel Blanc, June Foray, genre is animation. Release year is 1983, title is The Day After, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Meyer, cast is Jason Robards, Steve Guttenberg, JoBeth Williams, John Lithgow, John Cullum, Jeff East, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is The Dead Zone, ethnicity is American, director is David Cronenberg, cast is Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, Herbert Lom, Brooke Adams, Tom Skerritt, Anthony Zerbe, genre is thriller. Release year is 1983, title is Deal of the Century, ethnicity is American, director is William Friedkin, cast is Chevy Chase, Gregory Hines, Sigourney Weaver, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Doctor Detroit, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Pressman, cast is Dan Aykroyd, Fran Drescher, Donna Dixon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Easy Money, ethnicity is American, director is James Signorelli, cast is Rodney Dangerfield, Joe Pesci, Jennifer Jason Leigh, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Eddie and the Cruisers, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Davidson, cast is Michael Paré, Tom Berenger, Ellen Barkin, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Eddie Macon's Run, ethnicity is American, director is Jeff Kanew, cast is Kirk Douglas, John Schneider, Lee Purcell, genre is crime. Release year is 1983, title is El Norte, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Nava, cast is Zaide Silvia Gutiérrez, David Villalpando, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Eureka, ethnicity is American, director is Nicolas Roeg, cast is Gene Hackman, Theresa Russell, Rutger Hauer, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Exposed, ethnicity is American, director is James Toback, cast is Nastassja Kinski, Rudolf Nureyev, Harvey Keitel, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Fire and Ice, ethnicity is American, director is Ralph Bakshi, cast is Randy Norton, Cynthia Leake, Steve Sandor, genre is animation. Release year is 1983, title is Flashdance, ethnicity is American, director is Adrian Lyne, cast is Jennifer Beals, Michael Nouri, Belinda Bauer, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Get Crazy, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Arkush, cast is Malcolm McDowell, Allen Garfield, Lou Reed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Going Berserk, ethnicity is American, director is David Steinberg, cast is John Candy, Eugene Levy, Pat Hingle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Heart Like a Wheel, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Kaplan, cast is Bonnie Bedelia, Beau Bridges, genre is biography. Release year is 1983, title is Hercules, ethnicity is American, director is Luigi Cozzi, cast is Lou Ferrigno, Sybil Danning, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1983, title is High Road to China, ethnicity is American, director is Brian G. Hutton, cast is Tom Selleck, Bess Armstrong, Wilford Brimley, genre is adventure. Release year is 1983, title is The House on Sorority Row, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Ronson, cast is Kathryn McNeil, Eileen Davidson, genre is horror. Release year is 1983, title is The Hunger, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Scott, cast is Catherine Deneuve, Susan Sarandon, David Bowie, genre is horror. Release year is 1983, title is Independence Day, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mandel, cast is Kathleen Quinlan, David Keith, Dianne Wiest, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Jaws 3-D, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Alves, cast is Bess Armstrong, Dennis Quaid, Louis Gossett, Jr., genre is thriller. Release year is 1983, title is The Keep, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Mann, cast is Scott Glenn, Jürgen Prochnow, Ian McKellen, genre is horror. Release year is 1983, title is The King of Comedy, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Robert De Niro, Jerry Lewis, Sandra Bernhard, Tony Randall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Lianna, ethnicity is American, director is John Sayles, cast is Linda Griffiths, Jane Hallaren, Jon DeVries, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Liquid Sky, ethnicity is American, director is Slava Tsukerman, cast is Anne Carlisle, Paula E. Sheppard, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Lone Wolf McQuade, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Carver, cast is Chuck Norris, David Carradine, Barbara Carrera, genre is action. Release year is 1983, title is The Lonely Lady, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Sasdy, cast is Pia Zadora, Lloyd Bochner, Joseph Cali, Bibi Besch, Anthony Holland, Ray Liotta, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is The Lords of Discipline, ethnicity is American, director is Franc Roddam, cast is David Keith, G. D. Spradlin, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Losin' It, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Hanson, cast is Tom Cruise, Jackie Earle Haley, Shelley Long, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Lovesick, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Brickman, cast is Dudley Moore, Alec Guinness, Elizabeth McGovern, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is The Man with Two Brains, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is Steve Martin, Kathleen Turner, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Man, Woman and Child, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Richards, cast is Martin Sheen, Blythe Danner, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Metalstorm: The Destruction of Jared-Syn, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Band, cast is Kelly Preston, Tim Thomerson, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1983, title is Mr. Mom, ethnicity is American, director is Stan Dragoti, cast is Michael Keaton, Teri Garr, Martin Mull, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is My Tutor, ethnicity is American, director is George Bowers, cast is Caren Kaye, Matt Lattanzi, Crispin Glover, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Nate and Hayes, ethnicity is American, director is Ferdinand Fairfax, John Hughes, cast is Tommy Lee Jones, Michael O'Keefe, genre is action. Release year is 1983, title is National Lampoon's Vacation, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Ramis, cast is Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Randy Quaid, John Candy, Anthony Michael Hall, Dana Barron, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Never Cry Wolf, ethnicity is American, director is Carroll Ballard, cast is Brian Dennehy, Charles Martin Smith, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Night Warning, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Asher, cast is Bo Svenson, Julia Duffy, Bill Paxton, genre is horror. Release year is 1983, title is A Night in Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Christopher Atkins, Lesley Ann Warren, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Nightmares, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is Lance Henriksen, Emilio Estevez, genre is horror. Release year is 1983, title is The Osterman Weekend, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Peckinpah, cast is Rutger Hauer, Craig T. Nelson, John Hurt, Burt Lancaster, Dennis Hopper, Chris Sarandon, Meg Foster, genre is suspense. Release year is 1983, title is The Outsiders, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is C. Thomas Howell, Matt Dillon, Diane Lane, Patrick Swayze, Ralph Macchio, Rob Lowe, Tom Cruise, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is The Pirates of Penzance, ethnicity is American, director is Wilford Leach, cast is Kevin Kline, Linda Ronstadt, Angela Lansbury, genre is operetta. Release year is 1983, title is Porky's II: The Next Day, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clark, cast is Mark Herrier, Kaki Hunter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Princess Daisy, ethnicity is American, director is Waris Hussein, cast is Rupert Everett, Lindsay Wagner, Merete Van Kamp, Claudia Cardinale, Barbara Bach, genre is romance. Release year is 1983, title is Private School, ethnicity is American, director is Noel Black, cast is Phoebe Cates, Betsy Russell, Matthew Modine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Psycho II, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Franklin, cast is Anthony Perkins, Meg Tilly, Robert Loggia, Vera Miles, genre is horror. Release year is 1983, title is Reuben, Reuben, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Ellis Miller, cast is Tom Conti, Kelly McGillis, genre is romance. Release year is 1983, title is Revenge of the Ninja, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Firstenberg, cast is Sho Kosugi, Arthur Roberts, genre is action. Release year is 1983, title is The Right Stuff, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Kaufman, cast is Ed Harris, Scott Glenn, Dennis Quaid, Fred Ward, Sam Shepard, Charles Frank, Lance Henriksen, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1983, title is Risky Business, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Brickman, cast is Tom Cruise, Rebecca De Mornay, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Romantic Comedy, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Dudley Moore, Mary Steenburgen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Rumble Fish, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Matt Dillon, Mickey Rourke, Diane Lane, Nicolas Cage, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Sahara, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew V. McLaglen, cast is Brooke Shields, Lambert Wilson, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Scarface, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Al Pacino, Michelle Pfeiffer, Steven Bauer, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Robert Loggia, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1983, title is Silkwood, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Nichols, cast is Meryl Streep, Kurt Russell, Cher, Craig T. Nelson, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Sleepaway Camp, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Hiltzik, cast is Felissa Rose, Jonathan Tiersten, genre is horror. Release year is 1983, title is Smokey and the Bandit Part 3, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Lowry, cast is Jackie Gleason, Jerry Reed, Pat McCormick, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Something Wicked This Way Comes, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Clayton, cast is Jonathan Pryce, Jason Robards, Pam Grier, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1983, title is Space Raiders, ethnicity is American, director is Howard R. Cohen, cast is Vince Edwards, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1983, title is Spacehunter: Adventures in the Forbidden Zone, ethnicity is American, director is Lamont Johnson, cast is Peter Strauss, Molly Ringwald, Ernie Hudson, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1983, title is Star 80, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Fosse, cast is Eric Roberts, Mariel Hemingway, Cliff Robertson, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1983, title is The Star Chamber, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Hyams, cast is Michael Douglas, Hal Holbrook, Yaphet Kotto, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1983, title is Return of the Jedi, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Marquand, cast is Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1983, title is Staying Alive, ethnicity is American, director is Sylvester Stallone, cast is John Travolta, Cynthia Rhodes, Finola Hughes, genre is musical, drama. Release year is 1983, title is Still Smokin, ethnicity is American, director is Tommy Chong, cast is Cheech Marin, Tommy Chong, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is The Sting II, ethnicity is American, director is Jeremy Kagan, cast is Jackie Gleason, Teri Garr, Karl Malden, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Strange Brew, ethnicity is American, director is Rick Moranis, cast is Rick Moranis, Dave Thomas, Max von Sydow, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Strange Invaders, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Laughlin, cast is Paul Le Mat, Diana Scarwid, Nancy Allen, genre is sci-fi, comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Stroker Ace, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Burt Reynolds, Jim Nabors, Ned Beatty, Loni Anderson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Sudden Impact, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, Sondra Locke, Pat Hingle, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1983, title is Superman III, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Christopher Reeve, Richard Pryor, Robert Vaughn, Annette O'Toole, genre is action. Release year is 1983, title is The Survivors, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Walter Matthau, Robin Williams, Jerry Reed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Table for Five, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Lieberman, cast is Jon Voight, Richard Crenna, Roxana Zal, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Tender Mercies, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Beresford, cast is Robert Duvall, Tess Harper, Betty Buckley, Ellen Barkin, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Terms of Endearment, ethnicity is American, director is James L. Brooks, cast is Shirley MacLaine, Debra Winger, Jack Nicholson, Jeff Daniels, Danny DeVito, John Lithgow, genre is drama, comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Testament, ethnicity is American, director is Lynne Littman, cast is Jane Alexander, William Devane, Roxana Zal, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Trading Places, ethnicity is American, director is John Landis, cast is Eddie Murphy, Dan Aykroyd, Jamie Lee Curtis, Don Ameche, Ralph Bellamy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Two of a Kind, ethnicity is American, director is John Herzfeld, cast is John Travolta, Olivia Newton-John, Charles Durning, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Uncommon Valor, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Kotcheff, cast is Gene Hackman, Fred Ward, Tex Cobb, Patrick Swayze, genre is action, war. Release year is 1983, title is Valley Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Martha Coolidge, cast is Nicolas Cage, Deborah Foreman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1983, title is Videodrome, ethnicity is American, director is David Cronenberg, cast is James Woods, Deborah Harry, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1983, title is Vigilante, ethnicity is American, director is William Lustig, cast is Robert Forster, Fred Williamson, Rutanya Alda, genre is action. Release year is 1983, title is Walking the Edge, ethnicity is American, director is Norbert Meisel, cast is Robert Forster, Nancy Kwan, Joe Spinell, genre is action. Release year is 1983, title is WarGames, ethnicity is American, director is John Badham, cast is Matthew Broderick, Dabney Coleman, Ally Sheedy, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Warrior of the Lost World, ethnicity is American, director is David Worth, cast is Donald Pleasence, Persis Khambatta, Fred Williamson, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1983, title is Winds of War, ethnicity is American, director is Dan Curtis, cast is Robert Mitchum, Ali MacGraw, John Houseman, Polly Bergen, Jan-Michael Vincent, genre is war, drama. Release year is 1983, title is Without a Trace, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley R. Jaffe, cast is Kate Nelligan, Judd Hirsch, David Dukes, genre is drama. Release year is 1983, title is Yentl, ethnicity is American, director is Barbra Streisand, cast is Barbra Streisand, Mandy Patinkin, Amy Irving, genre is musical. Release year is 1983, title is Zelig, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Woody Allen, Mia Farrow, genre is mockumentary. Release year is 1984, title is 2010, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Hyams, cast is Roy Scheider, Helen Mirren, John Lithgow, Bob Balaban, Dana Elcar, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1984, title is The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai, ethnicity is American, director is W. D. Richter, cast is Peter Weller, Ellen Barkin, John Lithgow, Jeff Goldblum, Christopher Lloyd, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1984, title is Against All Odds, ethnicity is American, director is Taylor Hackford, cast is Jeff Bridges, Rachel Ward, James Woods, Richard Widmark, Dorian Harewood, Alex Karras, Jane Greer, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is All of Me, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is Steve Martin, Lily Tomlin, Dana Elcar, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Amadeus, ethnicity is American, director is Miloš Forman, cast is Tom Hulce, F. Murray Abraham, Elizabeth Berridge, Jeffrey Jones, genre is biography. Release year is 1984, title is The Ambassador, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Robert Mitchum, Ellen Burstyn, Donald Pleasence, Rock Hudson, genre is thriller. Release year is 1984, title is American Dreamer, ethnicity is American, director is Rick Rosenthal, cast is Tom Conti, JoBeth Williams, Giancarlo Giannini, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Vincent O'Neill, cast is Donna Wilkes, Dick Shawn, Susan Tyrrell, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Bachelor Party, ethnicity is American, director is Neal Israel, cast is Tom Hanks, Tawny Kitaen, Adrian Zmed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Beat Street, ethnicity is American, director is Stan Lathan, cast is Rae Dawn Chong, Guy Davis, genre is drama, music. Release year is 1984, title is Best Defense, ethnicity is American, director is Willard Huyck, cast is Dudley Moore, Eddie Murphy, Kate Capshaw, George Dzundza, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Beverly Hills Cop, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Brest, cast is Eddie Murphy, Judge Reinhold, John Ashton, Lisa Eilbacher, Bronson Pinchot, Ronny Cox, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Birdy, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Parker, cast is Matthew Modine, Nicolas Cage, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Blame It on Rio, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Donen, cast is Michael Caine, Joseph Bologna, Michelle Johnson, Demi Moore, Valerie Harper, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Blind Date, ethnicity is American, director is Nico Mastorakis, cast is Kirstie Alley, Joseph Bottoms, Keir Dullea, genre is thriller. Release year is 1984, title is Blood Simple, ethnicity is American, director is Joel Coen, Ethan Coen, cast is John Getz, Frances McDormand, M. Emmet Walsh, Dan Hedaya, Samm-Art Williams, genre is suspense. Release year is 1984, title is Body Double, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Craig Wasson, Melanie Griffith, Gregg Henry, Deborah Shelton, genre is suspense. Release year is 1984, title is Bolero, ethnicity is American, director is John Derek, cast is Bo Derek, George Kennedy, Olivia d'Abo, Andrea Occhipinti, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is The Bounty, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Donaldson, cast is Mel Gibson, Anthony Hopkins, Daniel Day-Lewis, Laurence Olivier, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Breakin', ethnicity is American, director is Joel Silberg, cast is Lucinda Dickey, Christopher McDonald, Ice-T, genre is musical. Release year is 1984, title is Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Firstenberg, cast is Lucinda Dickey, Adolfo Quinones, Ice-T, genre is musical. Release year is 1984, title is Broadway Danny Rose, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Mia Farrow, Woody Allen, Nick Apollo Forte, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1984, title is The Brother from Another Planet, ethnicity is American, director is John Sayles, cast is Joe Morton, Steve James, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Buddy System, ethnicity is American, director is Glenn A. Jordan, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon, Nancy Allen, Jean Stapleton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is C.H.U.D., ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Cheek, cast is John Heard, Daniel Stern, genre is horror, science fiction. Release year is 1984, title is Cannonball Run II, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Burt Reynolds, Dom DeLuise, Dean Martin, Shirley MacLaine, Sammy Davis, Jr., Marilu Henner, Jackie Chan, Telly Savalas, Frank Sinatra, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Children of the Corn, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Kiersch, cast is Peter Horton, Linda Hamilton, genre is horror. Release year is 1984, title is Choose Me, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rudolph, cast is Keith Carradine, Lesley Ann Warren, Geneviève Bujold, Rae Dawn Chong, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is City Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Benjamin, cast is Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Madeline Kahn, Richard Roundtree, Jane Alexander, Rip Torn, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Cloak & Dagger, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Franklin, cast is Dabney Coleman, Henry Thomas, genre is adventure, family. Release year is 1984, title is Conan the Destroyer, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Grace Jones, Wilt Chamberlain, Olivia d'Abo, Mako, genre is action, fantasy. Release year is 1984, title is The Cotton Club, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Richard Gere, Gregory Hines, Diane Lane, Lonette McKee, Bob Hoskins, James Remar, Nicolas Cage, Maurice Hines, Fred Gwynne, Gwen Verdon, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1984, title is Country, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Pearce, cast is Jessica Lange, Sam Shepard, Wilford Brimley, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Crackers, ethnicity is American, director is Louis Malle, cast is Donald Sutherland, Jack Warden, Sean Penn, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Crimes of Passion, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Russell, cast is Kathleen Turner, Anthony Perkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Dreamscape, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Ruben, cast is Dennis Quaid, Christopher Plummer, Kate Capshaw, Max von Sydow, David Patrick Kelly, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1984, title is Dune, ethnicity is American, director is David Lynch, cast is Kyle MacLachlan, Sting, Sean Young, Kenneth McMillan, Francesca Annis, José Ferrer, Patrick Stewart, Alicia Witt, Virginia Madsen, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1984, title is Electric Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Barron, cast is Lenny Von Dohlen, Virginia Madsen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Evil That Men Do, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Charles Bronson, José Ferrer, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Fear City, ethnicity is American, director is Abel Ferrara, cast is Tom Berenger, Billy Dee Williams, Melanie Griffith, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Finders Keepers, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lester, cast is Michael O'Keefe, Louis Gossett, Jr., Beverly D'Angelo, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Firestarter, ethnicity is American, director is Mark L. Lester, cast is Drew Barrymore, David Keith, George C. Scott, Martin Sheen, Heather Locklear, Louise Fletcher, genre is thriller. Release year is 1984, title is Firstborn, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Apted, cast is Teri Garr, Peter Weller, Corey Haim, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is The Flamingo Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Garry Marshall, cast is Matt Dillon, Richard Crenna, Héctor Elizondo, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Flashpoint, ethnicity is American, director is William Tannen, cast is Kris Kristofferson, Treat Williams, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Footloose, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Kevin Bacon, John Lithgow, Lori Singer, Dianne Wiest, Chris Penn, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1984, title is Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Zito, cast is Corey Feldman, Crispin Glover, Kimberly Beck, genre is horror. Release year is 1984, title is Gallavants, ethnicity is American, director is Art Vitello, cast is Robert Lydiard, Vic Perrin, Peter Cullen, genre is animation. Release year is 1984, title is Garbo Talks, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Anne Bancroft, Ron Silver, Carrie Fisher, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Ghostbusters, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Reitman, cast is Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Sigourney Weaver, Harold Ramis, Rick Moranis, Ernie Hudson, Annie Potts, genre is science fiction, comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Gimme an 'F', ethnicity is American, director is Paul Justman, cast is Stephen Shellen, Jennifer Cooke, Beth Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Girls Nite Out, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Deubel, cast is Julia Montgomery, Rutanya Alda, genre is horror. Release year is 1984, title is Grandview, U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is Randal Kleiser, cast is Jamie Lee Curtis, Patrick Swayze, C. Thomas Howell, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Troy Donahue, Carole Cook, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Gremlins, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Dante, cast is Zach Galligan, Phoebe Cates, Hoyt Axton, genre is comedy, horror. Release year is 1984, title is Hard to Hold, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Peerce, cast is Rick Springfield, Patti Hansen, Albert Salmi, genre is musical. Release year is 1984, title is Harry & Son, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Newman, cast is Paul Newman, Robby Benson, Ellen Barkin, Judith Ivey, Ossie Davis, Joanne Woodward, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Heartbreakers, ethnicity is American, director is Bobby Roth, cast is Peter Coyote, Nick Mancuso, Kathryn Harrold, Max Gail, Carol Wayne, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Hot Dog... The Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Markle, cast is David Naughton, Shannon Tweed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Hotel New Hampshire, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Richardson, cast is Jodie Foster, Beau Bridges, Rob Lowe, Nastassja Kinski, Anita Morris, Matthew Modine, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1984, title is The Ice Pirates, ethnicity is American, director is Stewart Raffill, cast is Robert Urich, Mary Crosby, Anjelica Huston, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1984, title is Iceman, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Schepisi, cast is Timothy Hutton, John Lone, Lindsay Crouse, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1984, title is Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Harrison Ford, Jonathan Ke Quan, Kate Capshaw, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Irreconcilable Differences, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Shyer, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Drew Barrymore, Shelley Long, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Johnny Dangerously, ethnicity is American, director is Amy Heckerling, cast is Michael Keaton, Marilu Henner, Griffin Dunne, Joe Piscopo, Maureen Stapleton, Peter Boyle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Just the Way You Are, ethnicity is American, director is Édouard Molinaro, cast is Kristy McNichol, Michael Ontkean, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Karate Kid, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Ralph Macchio, Pat Morita, Elisabeth Shue, William Zabka, Martin Kove, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Lace, ethnicity is American, director is William Hale, cast is Phoebe Cates, Angela Lansbury, Brooke Adams, Bess Armstrong, Anthony Quayle, Herbert Lom, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Lassiter, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Young, cast is Tom Selleck, Jane Seymour, Lauren Hutton, genre is adventure. Release year is 1984, title is The Last Starfighter, ethnicity is American, director is Nick Castle, cast is Lance Guest, Robert Preston, Dan O'Herlihy, Catherine Mary Stewart, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1984, title is The Little Drummer Girl, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Diane Keaton, Klaus Kinski, Sami Frey, genre is thriller. Release year is 1984, title is Love Letters, ethnicity is American, director is Amy Holden Jones, cast is Jamie Lee Curtis, James Keach, Bonnie Bartlett, genre is thriller. Release year is 1984, title is Love Streams, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Gena Rowlands, John Cassavetes, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Maria's Lovers, ethnicity is American, director is Andrei Konchalovsky, cast is Nastassja Kinski, John Savage, Robert Mitchum, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Mass Appeal, ethnicity is American, director is Glenn Jordan, cast is Jack Lemmon, Željko Ivanek, Charles Durning, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Meatballs Part II, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Weiderhorn, cast is Richard Mulligan, Kim Richards, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Micki and Maude, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Dudley Moore, Ann Reinking, Amy Irving, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Missing in Action, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Zito, cast is Chuck Norris, James Hong, M. Emmet Walsh, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Moscow on the Hudson, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Mazursky, cast is Robin Williams, María Conchita Alonso, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Mrs. Soffel, ethnicity is American, director is Gillian Armstrong, cast is Diane Keaton, Mel Gibson, Edward Herrmann, Matthew Modine, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is The Muppets Take Manhattan, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Oz, cast is Jim Henson, Frank Oz, Dave Goelz, genre is family. Release year is 1984, title is The Naked Face, ethnicity is American, director is Bryan Forbes, cast is Roger Moore, Rod Steiger, Elliott Gould, Anne Archer, David Hedison, Art Carney, genre is mystery. Release year is 1984, title is National Lampoon's Joy of Sex, ethnicity is American, director is Martha Coolidge, cast is Cameron Dye, Colleen Camp, Ernie Hudson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Natural, ethnicity is American, director is Barry Levinson, cast is Robert Redford, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, Kim Basinger, Wilford Brimley, Richard Farnsworth, Robert Prosky, Barbara Hershey, Darren McGavin, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is The NeverEnding Story, ethnicity is American, director is Wolfgang Petersen, cast is Barret Oliver, Noah Hathaway, Gerald McRaney, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1984, title is Night Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is Jackie Kong, cast is Linda Blair, Murray Langston, Pat Paulsen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Night of the Comet, ethnicity is American, director is Thom Eberhardt, cast is Catherine Mary Stewart, Geoffrey Lewis, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1984, title is A Nightmare on Elm Street, ethnicity is American, director is Wes Craven, cast is Robert Englund, Heather Langenkamp, John Saxon, Ronee Blakley, Amanda Wyss, Johnny Depp, genre is horror. Release year is 1984, title is Ninja III: The Domination, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Firstenberg, cast is Sho Kosugi, Lucinda Dickey, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Not for Publication, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bartel, cast is Nancy Allen, David Naughton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Nothing Lasts Forever, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Schiller, cast is Zach Galligan, Lauren Tom, Bill Murray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Old Enough, ethnicity is American, director is Marisa Silver, cast is Sarah Boyd, Rainbow Harvest, Danny Aiello, genre is teen. Release year is 1984, title is Once Upon a Time in America, ethnicity is American, director is Sergio Leone, cast is Robert De Niro, James Woods, Tuesday Weld, Elizabeth McGovern, Joe Pesci, Jennifer Connelly, Treat Williams, William Forsythe, Danny Aiello, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Over the Brooklyn Bridge, ethnicity is American, director is Menahem Golan, cast is Elliott Gould, Shelley Winters, Margaux Hemingway, Burt Young, Carol Kane, Sid Caesar, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Oxford Blues, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Boris, cast is Rob Lowe, Ally Sheedy, Julian Sands, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Paris, Texas, ethnicity is American, director is Wim Wenders, cast is Harry Dean Stanton, Nastassja Kinski, Dean Stockwell, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is A Passage to India, ethnicity is American, director is David Lean, cast is Judy Davis, Peggy Ashcroft, Alec Guinness, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is The Perils of Gwendoline in the Land of the Yik-Yak, ethnicity is American, director is Just Jaeckin, cast is Tawny Kitaen, Brent Huff, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is The Philadelphia Experiment, ethnicity is American, director is Stewart Raffill, cast is Michael Paré, Nancy Allen, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1984, title is Places in the Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Benton, cast is Sally Field, John Malkovich, Danny Glover, Lindsay Crouse, Ed Harris, Amy Madigan, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Police Academy, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh Wilson, cast is Steve Guttenberg, Kim Cattrall, G. W. Bailey, Bubba Smith, George Gaynes, Leslie Easterbrook, David Graf, Michael Winslow, Donovan Scott, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Pope of Greenwich Village, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Mickey Rourke, Eric Roberts, Daryl Hannah, Kenneth McMillan, Geraldine Page, M. Emmet Walsh, Burt Young, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1984, title is Protocol, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Goldie Hawn, Andre Gregory, Chris Sarandon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Purple Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Magnoli, cast is Prince, Morris Day, Apollonia Kotero, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Racing with the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Benjamin, cast is Sean Penn, Nicolas Cage, Elizabeth McGovern, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is The Razor's Edge, ethnicity is American, director is John Byrum, cast is Bill Murray, Theresa Russell, Catherine Hicks, Denholm Elliott, Brian Doyle-Murray, James Keach, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Reckless, ethnicity is American, director is James Foley, cast is Aidan Quinn, Daryl Hannah, Cliff De Young, genre is romance. Release year is 1984, title is Red Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is John Milius, cast is Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson, Charlie Sheen, C. Thomas Howell, Jennifer Grey, Harry Dean Stanton, Powers Boothe, Ben Johnson, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Repo Man, ethnicity is American, director is Alex Cox, cast is Emilio Estevez, Harry Dean Stanton, Tracey Walter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Revenge of the Nerds, ethnicity is American, director is Jeff Kanew, cast is Anthony Edwards, Robert Carradine, Timothy Busfield, Curtis Armstrong, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Rhinestone, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clark, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Dolly Parton, Ron Leibman, Tim Thomerson, Richard Farnsworth, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Romancing the Stone, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Zemeckis, cast is Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner, Danny DeVito, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Rosebud Beach Hotel, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Hurwitz, cast is Colleen Camp, Peter Scolari, Christopher Lee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Runaway, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Crichton, cast is Tom Selleck, Gene Simmons, Cynthia Rhodes, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1984, title is Savage Streets, ethnicity is American, director is Danny Steinmann, cast is Linda Blair, John Vernon, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Secret Honor, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Philip Baker Hall, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Sheena, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is Tanya Roberts, Ted Wass, Donovan Scott, genre is adventure. Release year is 1984, title is Silent Madness, ethnicity is American, director is Simon Nuchtern, cast is Belinda Montgomery, Viveca Lindfors, genre is horror. Release year is 1984, title is Silent Night, Deadly Night, ethnicity is American, director is Charles E. Sellier, Jr., cast is Lilyan Chauvin, Robert Brian Wilson, Linnea Quigley, genre is horror. Release year is 1984, title is Sixteen Candles, ethnicity is American, director is John Hughes, cast is Molly Ringwald, Anthony Michael Hall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Slapstick of Another Kind, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Paul, cast is Jerry Lewis, Madeline Kahn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is A Soldier's Story, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Howard Rollins, Adolph Caesar, Denzel Washington, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Songwriter, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rudolph, cast is Willie Nelson, Kris Kristofferson, Melinda Dillon, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Splash, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Howard, cast is Daryl Hannah, Tom Hanks, John Candy, Eugene Levy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Star Trek III: The Search for Spock, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard Nimoy, cast is William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, George Takei, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1984, title is Starman, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Jeff Bridges, Karen Allen, Charles Martin Smith, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1984, title is Stranger Than Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Jarmusch, cast is John Lurie, Eszter Balint, Richard Edson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Streets of Fire, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Michael Paré, Diane Lane, Rick Moranis, Amy Madigan, Willem Dafoe, genre is action. Release year is 1984, title is Suburbia, ethnicity is American, director is Penelope Spheeris, cast is Jennifer Clay, Flea, Christina Beck, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Supergirl, ethnicity is American, director is Jeannot Szwarc, cast is Helen Slater, Peter O'Toole, Faye Dunaway, genre is superhero. Release year is 1984, title is Surf II, ethnicity is American, director is Randall M. Badat, cast is Eddie Deezen, Cleavon Little, Eric Stoltz, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Swing Shift, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Demme, cast is Goldie Hawn, Kurt Russell, Christine Lahti, Ed Harris, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Tank, ethnicity is American, director is Marvin J. Chomsky, cast is James Garner, C. Thomas Howell, Shirley Jones, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is Teachers, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Nick Nolte, JoBeth Williams, Judd Hirsch, Ralph Macchio, Lee Grant, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is The Terminator, ethnicity is American, director is James Cameron, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn, Lance Henriksen, Paul Winfield, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1984, title is Terror in the Aisles, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew J. Kuehn, cast is Donald Pleasence, Nancy Allen, genre is documentary. Release year is 1984, title is Thief of Hearts, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Day Stewart, cast is Steven Bauer, Barbara Williams, genre is drama. Release year is 1984, title is This Is Spinal Tap, ethnicity is American, director is Rob Reiner, cast is Michael McKean, Christopher Guest, Harry Shearer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Tightrope, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Tuggle, cast is Clint Eastwood, Geneviève Bujold, Dan Hedaya, genre is thriller. Release year is 1984, title is Top Secret!, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Abrahams, David Zucker, cast is Val Kilmer, Lucy Gutteridge, Omar Sharif, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Toxic Avenger, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Herz Lloyd Kaufman, cast is Mitch Cohen, genre is comedy horror. Release year is 1984, title is Unfaithfully Yours, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Zieff, cast is Dudley Moore, Nastassja Kinski, Armand Assante, Albert Brooks, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Up the Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Butler, cast is Tim Matheson, Jennifer Runyon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is Where the Boys Are '84, ethnicity is American, director is Hy Averback, cast is Lisa Hartman, Lorna Luft, Wendy Schaal, Lynn-Holly Johnson, Russell Todd, Alana Stewart, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Wild Life, ethnicity is American, director is Art Linson, cast is Chris Penn, Eric Stoltz, Lea Thompson, Rick Moranis, Ilan Mitchell-Smith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1984, title is The Woman in Red, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Wilder, cast is Gene Wilder, Gilda Radner, Joseph Bologna, Charles Grodin, Kelly Le Brock, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is The Adventures of Mark Twain, ethnicity is American, director is Will Vinton, cast is James Whitmore, genre is animation. Release year is 1985, title is After Hours, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Griffin Dunne, Rosanna Arquette, Verna Bloom, Linda Fiorentino, Catherine O'Hara, Teri Garr, John Heard, genre is comedy, thriller. Release year is 1985, title is Agnes of God, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Jane Fonda, Anne Bancroft, Meg Tilly, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Alice in Wonderland, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Harris, cast is Natalie Gregory, Red Buttons, Roddy McDowall, Jayne Meadows, Scott Baio, Robert Morley, Anthony Newley, Imogene Coca, Telly Savalas, Ringo Starr, Shelley Winters, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1985, title is American Flyers, ethnicity is American, director is John Badham, cast is Kevin Costner, David Marshall Grant, Rae Dawn Chong, Alexandra Paul, Janice Rule, John Amos, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is American Ninja, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Firstenberg, cast is Michael Dudikoff, Steve James, Judie Aronson, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Anna Karenina, ethnicity is American, director is Simon Langton, cast is Jacqueline Bisset, Christopher Reeve, Paul Scofield, Ian Ogilvy, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Appointment with Fear, ethnicity is American, director is Ramsey Thomas Alan Smithee, cast is Michele Little, Douglas Rowe, Garrick Dowhen, Kerry Remsen, genre is horror. Release year is 1985, title is Avenging Angel, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Vincent O'Neill, cast is Betsy Russell, Ossie Davis, Rory Calhoun, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Aviator, The, ethnicity is American, director is George T. Miller, cast is Rosanna Arquette, Christopher Reeve, Tyne Daly, genre is adventure. Release year is 1985, title is Baby: Secret of the Lost Legend, ethnicity is American, director is Bill L. Norton, cast is William Katt, Sean Young, Patrick McGoohan, Julian Fellowes, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1985, title is Back to the Future, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Zemeckis, cast is Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover, Thomas F. Wilson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1985, title is Bad Medicine, ethnicity is American, director is Harvey Miller, cast is Steve Guttenberg, Alan Arkin, Julie Hagerty, Curtis Armstrong, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Bad Seed, The, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Wendkos, cast is Blair Brown, Lynn Redgrave, David Carradine, genre is thriller. Release year is 1985, title is Barbarian Queen, ethnicity is American, director is Héctor Olivera, cast is Lana Clarkson, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1985, title is Beer, ethnicity is American, director is Patrick Kelly, cast is Rip Torn, Loretta Swit, David Alan Grier, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Better Off Dead, ethnicity is American, director is Savage Steve Holland, cast is John Cusack, Diane Franklin, David Ogden Stiers, Kim Darby, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Black Arrow, ethnicity is American, director is John Hough, cast is Oliver Reed, Fernando Rey, Donald Pleasence, genre is adventure. Release year is 1985, title is Black Cauldron, The, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Berman, Richard Rich, cast is Grant Bardsley, Susan Sheridan, Freddie Jones, Nigel Hawthorne, genre is animated. Release year is 1985, title is Boys Next Door, The, ethnicity is American, director is Penelope Spheeris, cast is Charlie Sheen, Maxwell Caulfield, Patti D'Arbanville, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Brazil, ethnicity is American, director is Terry Gilliam, cast is Jonathan Pryce, Kim Greist, Michael Palin, Robert De Niro, Katherine Helmond, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1985, title is The Breakfast Club, ethnicity is American, director is John Hughes, cast is Emilio Estevez, Anthony Michael Hall, Judd Nelson, Molly Ringwald, Ally Sheedy, Paul Gleason, John Kapelos, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Brewster's Millions, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Richard Pryor, John Candy, Lonette McKee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is The Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Franc Roddam, cast is Sting, Jennifer Beals, Anthony Higgins, Clancy Brown, genre is horror. Release year is 1985, title is Bridge to Terabithia, ethnicity is American, director is Eric Till, cast is Julian Coutts, Julie Beaulieu, Annette O'Toole, Tom Heaton, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Cat's Eye, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Teague, cast is Drew Barrymore, James Woods, Robert Hays, Alan King, genre is horror, comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Certain Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Gyllenhaal, cast is Tatum O'Neal, Irene Cara, Peter Fonda, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Chorus Line, A, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Attenborough, cast is Michael Douglas, Audrey Landers, Janet Jones, genre is musical. Release year is 1985, title is Clue, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Lynn, cast is Tim Curry, Madeline Kahn, Lesley Ann Warren, Martin Mull, Eileen Brennan, Christopher Lloyd, Michael McKean, Colleen Camp, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is The Coca-Cola Kid, ethnicity is American, director is Dusan Makavejev, cast is Eric Roberts, Greta Scacchi, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Cocoon, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Howard, cast is Don Ameche, Wilford Brimley, Hume Cronyn, Jessica Tandy, Maureen Stapleton, Steve Guttenberg, Brian Dennehy, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1985, title is Code of Silence, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Davis, cast is Chuck Norris, Molly Hagan, Henry Silva, Mike Genovese, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Color Purple, The, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Whoopi Goldberg, Danny Glover, Oprah Winfrey, Margaret Avery, Laurence Fishburne, Adolph Caesar, Rae Dawn Chong, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Commando, ethnicity is American, director is Mark L. Lester, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rae Dawn Chong, Dan Hedaya, Vernon Wells, Bill Duke, David Patrick Kelly, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Compromising Positions, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Susan Sarandon, Raúl Juliá, Mary Beth Hurt, Joe Mantegna, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Creator, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Passer, cast is Peter O'Toole, Mariel Hemingway, Vincent Spano, Virginia Madsen, genre is sci-fi, comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Creature, ethnicity is American, director is William Malone, cast is Stan Iver, Diane Salinger, Klaus Kinski, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1985, title is Crimewave, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Raimi, cast is Louise Lasser, Bruce Campbell, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is D.A.R.Y.L., ethnicity is American, director is Simon Wincer, cast is Barret Oliver, Michael McKean, Mary Beth Hurt, Colleen Camp, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1985, title is Day of the Dead, ethnicity is American, director is George A. Romero, cast is Lori Cardille, Sherman Howard, genre is horror. Release year is 1985, title is Death Wish 3, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Winner, cast is Charles Bronson, Martin Balsam, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Desert Hearts, ethnicity is American, director is Donna Deitch, cast is Helen Shaver, Audra Lindley, Patricia Charbonneau, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Desperately Seeking Susan, ethnicity is American, director is Susan Seidelman, cast is Rosanna Arquette, Aidan Quinn, Madonna, genre is romance. Release year is 1985, title is Dim Sum: A Little Bit of Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Wayne Wang, cast is Laureen Chew, Kim Chew, Victor Wong, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Dungeonmaster, The, ethnicity is American, director is David Allen, Charles Band, cast is Jeffrey Byron, Richard Moll, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1985, title is Emerald Forest, The, ethnicity is American, director is John Boorman, cast is Powers Boothe, Charley Boorman, Meg Foster, genre is adventure. Release year is 1985, title is Enemy Mine, ethnicity is American, director is Wolfgang Petersen, cast is Dennis Quaid, Louis Gossett, Jr., genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1985, title is Ewoks: The Battle for Endor, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Wheat, cast is Wilford Brimley, Warwick Davis, Aubree Miller, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1985, title is Explorers, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Dante, cast is River Phoenix, Ethan Hawke, Jason Presson, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1985, title is Falcon and the Snowman, The, ethnicity is American, director is John Schlesinger, cast is Timothy Hutton, Sean Penn, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Fandango, ethnicity is American, director is Kevin Reynolds, cast is Kevin Costner, Judd Nelson, Sam Robards, Suzy Amis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Fever Pitch, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Brooks, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Giancarlo Giannini, Catherine Hicks, Chad Everett, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Final Justice, ethnicity is American, director is Greydon Clark, cast is Joe Don Baker, Rossano Brazzi, Venantino Venantini, genre is crime. Release year is 1985, title is Flesh and Blood, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Verhoeven, cast is Rutger Hauer, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Ronald Lacey, genre is adventure. Release year is 1985, title is Fletch, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Chevy Chase, Joe Don Baker, Dana Wheeler-Nicholson, Geena Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Fool for Love, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Sam Shepard, Kim Basinger, Randy Quaid, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Friday the 13th: A New Beginning, ethnicity is American, director is Danny Steinmann, cast is Suzanne Bateman, Corey Feldman, genre is horror. Release year is 1985, title is Fright Night, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Holland, cast is Chris Sarandon, Roddy McDowall, William Ragsdale, Amanda Bearse, genre is comedy, horror. Release year is 1985, title is Girls Just Want to Have Fun, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Metter, cast is Sarah Jessica Parker, Helen Hunt, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Goodbye, New York, ethnicity is American, director is Amos Kollek, cast is Julie Hagerty, Amos Kollek, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Goonies, The, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Sean Astin, Josh Brolin, Jeff Cohen, Corey Feldman, Kerri Green, Martha Plimpton, Jonathan Ke Quan, Anne Ramsey, Robert Davi, Joe Pantoliano, genre is adventure, family. Release year is 1985, title is Gotcha!, ethnicity is American, director is Jeff Kanew, cast is Anthony Edwards, Linda Fiorentino, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Gymkata, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Clouse, cast is Kurt Thomas, Tetchie Agbayani, Richard Norton, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Head Office, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Finkleman, cast is Judge Reinhold, Eddie Albert, Danny DeVito, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Heaven Help Us, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Dinner, cast is Kevin Dillon, Andrew McCarthy, Mary Stuart Masterson, Donald Sutherland, John Heard, Patrick Dempsey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Here Come the Littles, ethnicity is American, director is Bernard Deyriès, cast is Gregg Berger, Bettina Bush, Pat Fraley, genre is animation. Release year is 1985, title is Hills Have Eyes Part II, The, ethnicity is American, director is Wes Craven, cast is Michael Berryman, Janus Blythe, genre is horror. Release year is 1985, title is The Holcroft Covenant, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Michael Caine, Victoria Tennant, genre is suspense. Release year is 1985, title is Howling II, ethnicity is American, director is Philippe Mora, cast is Christopher Lee, Sybil Danning, genre is horror. Release year is 1985, title is Insignificance, ethnicity is American, director is Nicolas Roeg, cast is Theresa Russell, Tony Curtis, Gary Busey, genre is drama, comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Into the Night, ethnicity is American, director is John Landis, cast is Jeff Goldblum, Michelle Pfeiffer, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Invasion U.S.A., ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Zito, cast is Chuck Norris, Richard Lynch, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Jagged Edge, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Marquand, cast is Jeff Bridges, Glenn Close, Robert Loggia, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1985, title is Jewel of the Nile, The, ethnicity is American, director is Lewis Teague, cast is Kathleen Turner, Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is The Journey of Natty Gann, ethnicity is American, director is Jeremy Kagan, cast is Meredith Salenger, John Cusack, Ray Wise, genre is family. Release year is 1985, title is Just One of the Guys, ethnicity is American, director is Lisa Gottlieb, cast is Joyce Hyser, Sherilyn Fenn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is King Solomon's Mines, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Richard Chamberlain, Sharon Stone, Herbert Lom, genre is adventure. Release year is 1985, title is Kiss of the Spider Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Héctor Babenco, cast is William Hurt, Raúl Juliá, Sônia Braga, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Krush Groove, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Schultz, cast is Run D.M.C., Sheila E., Blair Underwood, genre is musical. Release year is 1985, title is Ladyhawke, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Matthew Broderick, Michelle Pfeiffer, Rutger Hauer, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Last Dragon, The, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Schultz, cast is Taimak, Julius Carry, Christopher Murney, genre is martial arts. Release year is 1985, title is Latino, ethnicity is American, director is Haskell Wexler, cast is Robert Beltran, Annette Charles, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Legend, ethnicity is American, director is Ridley Scott, cast is Tom Cruise, Mia Sara, Tim Curry, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1985, title is The Legend of Billie Jean, ethnicity is American, director is Matthew Robbins, cast is Helen Slater, Christian Slater, Keith Gordon, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Lifeforce, ethnicity is American, director is Tobe Hooper, cast is Steve Railsback, Mathilda May, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1985, title is Lost in America, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Brooks, cast is Albert Brooks, Julie Hagerty, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Lust in the Dust, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bartel, cast is Divine, Lainie Kazan, Tab Hunter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, ethnicity is American, director is George Miller, cast is Mel Gibson, Tina Turner, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Malibu Express, ethnicity is American, director is Andy Sidaris, cast is Darby Hinton, Sybil Danning, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is The Man with One Red Shoe, ethnicity is American, director is Stan Dragoti, cast is Tom Hanks, Dabney Coleman, Lori Singer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Mask, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Bogdanovich, cast is Cher, Eric Stoltz, Sam Elliott, Laura Dern, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Mask of Murder, ethnicity is American, director is Arne Mattsson, cast is Rod Taylor, Valerie Perrine, Christopher Lee, genre is mystery. Release year is 1985, title is Maxie, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Aaron, cast is Glenn Close, Mandy Patinkin, Ruth Gordon, Barnard Hughes, Valerie Curtin, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1985, title is The Mean Season, ethnicity is American, director is Phillip Borsos, cast is Kurt Russell, Mariel Hemingway, Richard Jordan, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1985, title is Mischief, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Damski, cast is Doug McKeon, Catherine Mary Stewart, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Schrader, cast is Ken Ogata, Masayuki Shionoya, genre is experimental. Release year is 1985, title is Missing in Action 2: The Beginning, ethnicity is American, director is Lance Hool, cast is Chuck Norris, Soon-Tek Oh, Steven Williams, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Movers & Shakers, ethnicity is American, director is William Asher, cast is Walter Matthau, Charles Grodin, Tyne Daly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Murphy's Romance, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Sally Field, James Garner, Brian Kerwin, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1985, title is My Science Project, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan R. Betuel, cast is John Stockwell, Danielle von Zerneck, Dennis Hopper, Fisher Stevens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is National Lampoon's European Vacation, ethnicity is American, director is Amy Heckerling, cast is Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Jason Lively, Dana Hill, Eric Idle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Sholder, cast is Mark Patton, Kim Myers, Robert Englund, Robert Rusler, genre is slasher. Release year is 1985, title is Noon Wine, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Fields, cast is Stellan Skarsgård, Fred Ward, Jon Cryer, Lise Hilboldt, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Once Bitten, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Storm, cast is Lauren Hutton, Jim Carrey, Cleavon Little, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is One Magic Christmas, ethnicity is American, director is Phillip Borsos, cast is Mary Steenburgen, Harry Dean Stanton, genre is family. Release year is 1985, title is Ordeal by Innocence, ethnicity is American, director is Desmond Davis, cast is Donald Sutherland, Faye Dunaway, genre is mystery. Release year is 1985, title is Out of Africa, ethnicity is American, director is Sydney Pollack, cast is Meryl Streep, Robert Redford, Klaus Maria Brandauer, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Pale Rider, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, Michael Moriarty, Carrie Snodgress, Richard Dysart, Chris Penn, genre is western. Release year is 1985, title is Pee-wee's Big Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Burton, cast is Paul Reubens, Elizabeth Daily, Mark Holton, Jan Hooks, Morgan Fairchild, James Brolin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Perfect, ethnicity is American, director is James Bridges, cast is John Travolta, Jamie Lee Curtis, Jann Wenner, Marilu Henner, Laraine Newman, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Plenty, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Schepisi, cast is Meryl Streep, Charles Dance, Sting, Ian McKellen, Tracey Ullman, John Gielgud, Sam Neill, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Police Academy 2: Their First Assignment, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Paris, cast is Steven Guttenberg, Bubba Smith, David Graf, Bobcat Goldthwait, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Porky's Revenge, ethnicity is American, director is James Komack, cast is Dan Monahan, Tony Ganios, Wyatt Knight, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Private Resort, ethnicity is American, director is George Bowers, cast is Rob Morrow, Johnny Depp, Andrew Clay, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Prizzi's Honor, ethnicity is American, director is John Huston, cast is Jack Nicholson, Kathleen Turner, Robert Loggia, Anjelica Huston, William Hickey, John Randolph, Lee Richardson, genre is black comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Protector, The, ethnicity is American, director is James Glickenhaus, cast is Jackie Chan, Danny Aiello, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Purple Rose of Cairo, The, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Mia Farrow, Jeff Daniels, Danny Aiello, John Wood, Deborah Rush, Van Johnson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Radioactive Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Pyun, cast is Michael Dudikoff, George Kennedy, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1985, title is Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer, ethnicity is American, director is Kimio Yabuki, cast is Bettina Bush, Charlie Adler, genre is animation. Release year is 1985, title is Rambo: First Blood Part II, ethnicity is American, director is George P. Cosmatos, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Julia Nickson-Soul, Charles Napier, Richard Crenna, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Re-Animator, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Gordon, cast is Jeffrey Combs, David Gale, genre is horror. Release year is 1985, title is Real Genius, ethnicity is American, director is Martha Coolidge, cast is Val Kilmer, Gabe Jarret, William Atherton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Red Sonja, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Brigitte Nielsen, Sandahl Bergman, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Remo Williams: The Adventure Begins, ethnicity is American, director is Guy Hamilton, cast is Fred Ward, Joel Grey, Kate Mulgrew, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Return of the Living Dead, The, ethnicity is American, director is Dan O'Bannon, cast is James Karen, genre is horror. Release year is 1985, title is Return to Oz, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Murch, cast is Fairuza Balk, Nicol Williamson, Jean Marsh, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1985, title is Revolution, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh Hudson, cast is Al Pacino, Nastassja Kinski, Donald Sutherland, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Rocky IV, ethnicity is American, director is Sylvester Stallone, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Dolph Lundgren, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Brigitte Nielsen, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Runaway Train, ethnicity is American, director is Andrei Konchalovsky, cast is Jon Voight, Eric Roberts, Rebecca De Mornay, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Rustlers' Rhapsody, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh Wilson, cast is Tom Berenger, Marilu Henner, Sela Ward, Patrick Wayne, Andy Griffith, genre is parody. Release year is 1985, title is Santa Claus: The Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Jeannot Szwarc, cast is Dudley Moore, John Lithgow, David Huddleston, genre is family. Release year is 1985, title is Secret Admirer, ethnicity is American, director is David Greenwalt, cast is C. Thomas Howell, Lori Loughlin, Kelly Preston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Sesame Street Presents Follow That Bird, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Kwapis, cast is Jim Henson, Frank Oz, Sandra Bernhard, genre is family. Release year is 1985, title is Seven Minutes in Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Linda Feferman, cast is Jennifer Connelly, Polly Draper, Spalding Gray, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is The Shooting Party, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Bridges, cast is James Mason, John Gielgud, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Silver Bullet, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Attias, cast is Gary Busey, Corey Haim, Everett McGill, Megan Follows, genre is horror. Release year is 1985, title is Silverado, ethnicity is American, director is Lawrence Kasdan, cast is Scott Glenn, Kevin Kline, Kevin Costner, John Cleese, Danny Glover, Jeff Goldblum, Brian Dennehy, Rosanna Arquette, Linda Hunt, genre is western. Release year is 1985, title is The Slugger's Wife, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is Michael O'Keefe, Rebecca De Mornay, genre is romance. Release year is 1985, title is Spies Like Us, ethnicity is American, director is John Landis, cast is Chevy Chase, Dan Aykroyd, Bernie Casey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is St. Elmo's Fire, ethnicity is American, director is Joel Schumacher, cast is Rob Lowe, Emilio Estevez, Demi Moore, Judd Nelson, Ally Sheedy, Andrew McCarthy, Mare Winningham, Andie MacDowell, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Starchaser: The Legend of Orin, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Hahn, cast is Joe Colligan, Carmen Argenziano, genre is animated. Release year is 1985, title is Stick, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Reynolds, cast is Burt Reynolds, Candice Bergen, Charles Durning, George Segal, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1985, title is The Stuff, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Cohen, cast is Michael Moriarty, Andrea Marcovicci, Garrett Morris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Summer Rental, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is John Candy, Richard Crenna, Rip Torn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is The Sure Thing, ethnicity is American, director is Rob Reiner, cast is John Cusack, Daphne Zuniga, Nicollette Sheridan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Sweet Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Karel Reisz, cast is Jessica Lange, Ed Harris, John Goodman, genre is biography. Release year is 1985, title is Sylvester, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Hunter, cast is Melissa Gilbert, Richard Farnsworth, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Target, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Gene Hackman, Matt Dillon, Gayle Hunnicutt, genre is thriller. Release year is 1985, title is Teen Wolf, ethnicity is American, director is Rod Daniel, cast is Michael J. Fox, Susan Ursitti, Jay Tarses, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is That Was Then... This Is Now, ethnicity is American, director is Christopher Cain, cast is Emilio Estevez, Morgan Freeman, Craig Sheffer, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is To Live and Die in L.A., ethnicity is American, director is William Friedkin, cast is William Petersen, Willem Dafoe, John Turturro, John Pankow, Darlanne Fleugel, Dean Stockwell, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1985, title is Tomboy, ethnicity is American, director is Herb Freed, cast is Betsy Russell, Kristi Somers, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Trancers, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Band, cast is Tim Thomerson, Helen Hunt, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1985, title is Transylvania 6-5000, ethnicity is American, director is Rudy De Luca, cast is Jeff Goldblum, Geena Davis, Ed Begley, Jr., Carol Kane, Teresa Ganzel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is The Trip to Bountiful, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Masterson, cast is Geraldine Page, John Heard, Rebecca De Mornay, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Trouble in Mind, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rudolph, cast is Kris Kristofferson, Keith Carradine, Lori Singer, Genevieve Bujold, George Kirby, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Tuff Turf, ethnicity is American, director is Fritz Kiersch, cast is James Spader, Robert Downey, Jr., Kim Richards, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Twice in a Lifetime, ethnicity is American, director is Bud Yorkin, cast is Gene Hackman, Ann-Margret, Ellen Burstyn, Amy Madigan, Ally Sheedy, Brian Dennehy, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is A View to a Kill, ethnicity is American, director is John Glen, cast is Roger Moore, Christopher Walken, Grace Jones, Tanya Roberts, genre is action. Release year is 1985, title is Vision Quest, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Becker, cast is Matthew Modine, Linda Fiorentino, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Volunteers, ethnicity is American, director is Nicholas Meyer, cast is Tom Hanks, John Candy, Rita Wilson, Tim Thomerson, George Plimpton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is Weird Science, ethnicity is American, director is John Hughes, cast is Anthony Michael Hall, Ilan Mitchell-Smith, Kelly Le Brock, Bill Paxton, Robert Downey, Jr., genre is comedy. Release year is 1985, title is White Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Taylor Hackford, cast is Mikhail Baryshnikov, Gregory Hines, Helen Mirren, Isabella Rossellini, Geraldine Page, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Witness, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Weir, cast is Harrison Ford, Kelly McGillis, Lukas Haas, genre is drama. Release year is 1985, title is Year of the Dragon, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Cimino, cast is Mickey Rourke, Ariane, John Lone, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1985, title is Young Sherlock Holmes, ethnicity is American, director is Barry Levinson, cast is Nicholas Rowe, Alan Cox, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is 8 Million Ways to Die, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Ashby, cast is Jeff Bridges, Rosanna Arquette, Andy García, genre is thriller, crime. Release year is 1986, title is 9½ Weeks, ethnicity is American, director is Adrian Lyne, cast is Mickey Rourke, Kim Basinger, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is 52 Pick-Up, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Roy Scheider, Ann-Margret, John Glover, genre is thriller, crime. Release year is 1986, title is About Last Night..., ethnicity is American, director is Edward Zwick, cast is Rob Lowe, Demi Moore, James Belushi, Elizabeth Perkins, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1986, title is The Adventures of the American Rabbit, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Wolf, cast is Barry Gordon, genre is animated film. Release year is 1986, title is Aliens, ethnicity is American, director is James Cameron, cast is Sigourney Weaver, Michael Biehn, Lance Henriksen, Carrie Henn, Bill Paxton, Paul Reiser, Jenette Goldstein, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is April Fool's Day, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Walton, cast is Deborah Foreman, Jay Baker, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is Armed and Dangerous, ethnicity is American, director is Mark L. Lester, cast is John Candy, Eugene Levy, Meg Ryan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Armed Response, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Olen Ray, cast is David Carradine, Lee Van Cleef, Mako, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is At Close Range, ethnicity is American, director is James Foley, cast is Christopher Walken, Sean Penn, Chris Penn, Mary Stuart Masterson, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1986, title is Avenging Force, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Firstenberg, cast is Michael Dudikoff, Steve James, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Back to School, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Metter, cast is Rodney Dangerfield, Sally Kellerman, Keith Gordon, Ned Beatty, Adrienne Barbeau, Burt Young, Robert Downey Jr., genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Band of the Hand, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Michael Glaser, cast is Stephen Lang, Lauren Holly, Leon, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Behind Enemy Lines, ethnicity is American, director is Gideon Amir, cast is David Carradine, Mako Iwamatsu, Steve James, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is The Best of Times, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Spottiswoode, cast is Robin Williams, Kurt Russell, Pamela Reed, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Big Trouble, ethnicity is American, director is John Cassavetes, cast is Peter Falk, Alan Arkin, Beverly D'Angelo, Valerie Curtin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Big Trouble in Little China, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Kurt Russell, Kim Cattrall, Victor Wong, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Black Moon Rising, ethnicity is American, director is Harley Cokeliss, cast is Tommy Lee Jones, Linda Hamilton, Robert Vaughn, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Blue City, ethnicity is American, director is Michelle Manning, cast is Judd Nelson, Ally Sheedy, Scott Wilson, David Caruso, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Blue Velvet, ethnicity is American, director is David Lynch, cast is Isabella Rossellini, Kyle MacLachlan, Laura Dern, Dennis Hopper, Hope Lange, genre is suspense. Release year is 1986, title is The Boy Who Could Fly, ethnicity is American, director is Nick Castle, cast is Bonnie Bedelia, Lucy Deakins, Jay Underwood, Fred Savage, Fred Gwynne, Mindy Cohn, Colleen Dewhurst, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1986, title is Captain EO, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Michael Jackson, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Children of a Lesser God, ethnicity is American, director is Randa Haines, cast is William Hurt, Marlee Matlin, Piper Laurie, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Choke Canyon, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Bail, cast is Stephen Collins, Bo Svenson, Lance Henriksen, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1986, title is Chopping Mall, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Wynorski, cast is Kelli Maroney, Barbara Crampton, Dick Miller, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is The Clan of the Cave Bear, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Chapman, cast is Daryl Hannah, Pamela Reed, James Remar, genre is adventure. Release year is 1986, title is Club Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Ramis, cast is Robin Williams, Peter O'Toole, Rick Moranis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Cobra, ethnicity is American, director is George P. Cosmatos, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Brigitte Nielsen, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is The Color of Money, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Paul Newman, Tom Cruise, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, John Turturro, Helen Shaver, Forest Whitaker, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Combat Shock, ethnicity is American, director is Buddy Giovinazzo, cast is Rick Giovinazzo, Veronica Stork, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1986, title is Crawlspace, ethnicity is American, director is David Schmoeller, cast is Klaus Kinski, Talia Balsam, genre is thriller. Release year is 1986, title is Crimes of the Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Beresford, cast is Diane Keaton, Jessica Lange, Sissy Spacek, Tess Harper, genre is black comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Critters, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Herek, cast is Dee Wallace, M. Emmet Walsh, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is Crossroads, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Ralph Macchio, Joe Seneca, Jami Gertz, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Deadly Friend, ethnicity is American, director is Wes Craven, cast is Kristy Swanson, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is The Delta Force, ethnicity is American, director is Menahem Golan, cast is Chuck Norris, Lee Marvin, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Desert Bloom, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Corr, cast is Annabeth Gish, Jon Voight, Ellen Barkin, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Down by Law, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Jarmusch, cast is Tom Waits, John Lurie, Roberto Benigni, Ellen Barkin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Echo Park, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Dornhelm, cast is Susan Dey, Tom Hulce, Cheech Marin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Every Time We Say Goodbye, ethnicity is American, director is Moshe Mizrahi, cast is Tom Hanks, genre is war drama. Release year is 1986, title is Extremities, ethnicity is American, director is Robert M. Young, cast is Farrah Fawcett, James Russo, Alfre Woodard, Diana Scarwid, genre is suspense. Release year is 1986, title is Eye of the Tiger, ethnicity is American, director is Richard C. Sarafian, cast is Gary Busey, Yaphet Kotto, Seymour Cassel, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is F/X, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mandel, cast is Bryan Brown, Brian Dennehy, Diane Venora, Cliff DeYoung, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1986, title is Ferris Bueller's Day Off, ethnicity is American, director is John Hughes, cast is Matthew Broderick, Alan Ruck, Mia Sara, Jennifer Grey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is A Fine Mess, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Ted Danson, Howie Mandel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Fire with Fire, ethnicity is American, director is Duncan Gibbins, cast is Craig Sheffer, Virginia Madsen, genre is romance. Release year is 1986, title is Firewalker, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Chuck Norris, Louis Gossett, Jr., genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Flight of the Navigator, ethnicity is American, director is Randal Kleiser, cast is Veronica Cartwright, Joey Cramer, Sarah Jessica Parker, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is The Fly, ethnicity is American, director is David Cronenberg, cast is Jeff Goldblum, Geena Davis, John Getz, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives, ethnicity is American, director is Tom McLoughlin, cast is C. J. Graham, Thom Mathews David Kagen, Jennifer Cooke,, genre is horror, slasher. Release year is 1986, title is From Beyond, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Gordon, cast is Jeffrey Combs, Barbara Crampton, Ken Foree, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1986, title is Getting Even, ethnicity is American, director is Dwight H. Little, cast is Edward Albert, Joe Don Baker, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is GoBots: Battle of the Rock Lords, ethnicity is American, director is Ray Patterson, cast is Margot Kidder, Telly Savalas, Roddy McDowall, Michael Nouri, genre is animation. Release year is 1986, title is The Golden Child, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Eddie Murphy, Charles Dance, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Good to Go, ethnicity is American, director is Blaine Novak, cast is Art Garfunkel, Robert DoQui, Harris Yulin, genre is thriller. Release year is 1986, title is The Great Mouse Detective, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Clements, cast is Barrie Ingham, Val Bettin, Vincent Price, genre is animated film. Release year is 1986, title is A Great Wall, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Wang, cast is Peter Wang, Kelvin Han Yee, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1986, title is Gung Ho, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Howard, cast is Michael Keaton, John Turturro, Mimi Rogers, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Half Moon Street, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Swaim, cast is Sigourney Weaver, Michael Caine, genre is thriller. Release year is 1986, title is Hannah and Her Sisters, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Mia Farrow, Barbara Hershey, Dianne Wiest, Woody Allen, Michael Caine, Max von Sydow, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Haunted Honeymoon, ethnicity is American, director is Gene Wilder, cast is Gilda Radner, Gene Wilder, Dom DeLuise, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Heartbreak Ridge, ethnicity is American, director is Clint Eastwood, cast is Clint Eastwood, Mario Van Peebles, Marsha Mason, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1986, title is Heartburn, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Nichols, cast is Meryl Streep, Jack Nicholson, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Richards, cast is Burt Reynolds, Karen Young, Peter MacNicol, genre is action film. Release year is 1986, title is Heathcliff: The Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Bruno Bianchi, cast is Mel Blanc, genre is animation. Release year is 1986, title is Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer, ethnicity is American, director is John McNaughton, cast is Michael Rooker, Tom Towles, genre is crime. Release year is 1986, title is Highlander, ethnicity is American, director is Russell Mulcahy, cast is Christopher Lambert, Sean Connery, Roxanne Hart, Clancy Brown, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is The Hitcher, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Harmon, cast is Rutger Hauer, C. Thomas Howell, Jennifer Jason Leigh, genre is thriller. Release year is 1986, title is Hoosiers, ethnicity is American, director is David Anspaugh, cast is Gene Hackman, Barbara Hershey, Dennis Hopper, Sheb Wooley, genre is sports drama. Release year is 1986, title is House, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Miner, cast is William Katt, Kay Lenz, George Wendt, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is Howard the Duck, ethnicity is American, director is Willard Huyck, cast is Lea Thompson, Jeffrey Jones, Tim Robbins, genre is science fiction comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Invaders from Mars, ethnicity is American, director is Tobe Hooper, cast is Karen Black, Hunter Carson, Timothy Bottoms, Laraine Newman, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Iron Eagle, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney J. Furie, cast is Louis Gossett, Jr., Jason Gedrick, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Jake Speed, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Lane, cast is Wayne Crawford, Dennis Christopher, Karen Kopins, genre is action comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Pryor, cast is Richard Pryor, Paula Kelly, Wings Hauser, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Jumpin' Jack Flash, ethnicity is American, director is Penny Marshall, cast is Whoopi Goldberg, Stephen Collins, Jonathan Pryce, Annie Potts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Just Between Friends, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Burns, cast is Mary Tyler Moore, Christine Lahti, Ted Danson, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is The Karate Kid, Part II, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Ralph Macchio, Pat Morita, genre is family drama. Release year is 1986, title is King Kong Lives, ethnicity is American, director is John Guillermin, cast is Linda Hamilton, Brian Kerwin, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Knights of the City, ethnicity is American, director is Dominic Orlando, cast is Leon Isaac Kennedy, Nicholas Campbell, John Mengatti, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Labyrinth, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Henson, cast is David Bowie, Jennifer Connelly, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Legal Eagles, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Reitman, cast is Robert Redford, Debra Winger, Daryl Hannah, Brian Dennehy, Terence Stamp, Steven Hill, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Let's Get Harry, ethnicity is American, director is Stuart Rosenberg, cast is Michael Schoeffling, Mark Harmon, Robert Duvall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Little Shop of Horrors, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Oz, cast is Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene, Steve Martin, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Lucas, ethnicity is American, director is David Seltzer, cast is Corey Haim, Kerri Green, Charlie Sheen, Winona Ryder, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1986, title is The Manhattan Project, ethnicity is American, director is Marshall Brickman, cast is John Lithgow, Christopher Collet, Cynthia Nixon, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Manhunter, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Mann, cast is William Petersen, Dennis Farina, Brian Cox, Joan Allen, Tom Noonan, Kim Greist, Stephen Lang, genre is thriller. Release year is 1986, title is Maximum Overdrive, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen King, cast is Emilio Estevez, Pat Hingle, genre is thriller. Release year is 1986, title is The Men's Club, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Medak, cast is Roy Scheider, Harvey Keitel, Frank Langella, Treat Williams, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Stockard Channing, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Miracles, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Kouf, cast is Teri Garr, Paul Rodriguez, Christopher Lloyd, Tom Conti, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is The Mission, ethnicity is American, director is Roland Joffé, cast is Jeremy Irons, Robert De Niro, Liam Neeson, Aidan Quinn, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Modern Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Kramer, cast is Virginia Madsen, Cynthia Gibb, Daphne Zuniga, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is The Money Pit, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Benjamin, cast is Tom Hanks, Shelley Long, Alexander Godunov, Maureen Stapleton, Joe Mantegna, Yakov Smirnoff, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Monster in the Closet, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Dahlin, cast is Paul Dooley, Claude Akins, Stella Stevens, Howard Duff, Frank Ashmore, genre is comedy horror. Release year is 1986, title is The Morning After, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Jane Fonda, Jeff Bridges, Raúl Juliá, genre is mystery. Release year is 1986, title is The Mosquito Coast, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Weir, cast is Harrison Ford, Helen Mirren, River Phoenix, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Murphy's Law, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Charles Bronson, Kathleen Wilhoite, Carrie Snodgress, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is My Little Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Connie Kaiserman, cast is Mary Stuart Masterson, James Earl Jones, Geraldine Chaplin, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is My Little Pony: The Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Joens, cast is Danny DeVito, Rhea Perlman, Madeline Kahn, genre is animated film. Release year is 1986, title is 'night, Mother, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Moore, cast is Sissy Spacek, Anne Bancroft, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Night of the Creeps, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Dekker, cast is Jason Lively, Tom Atkins, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1986, title is No Mercy, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Pearce, cast is Richard Gere, Kim Basinger, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1986, title is No Retreat, No Surrender, ethnicity is American, director is Corey Yuen, cast is Jean-Claude Van Damme, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Nobody's Fool, ethnicity is American, director is Evelyn Purcell, cast is Rosanna Arquette, Eric Roberts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Nomads, ethnicity is American, director is John McTiernan, cast is Pierce Brosnan, Lesley-Anne Down, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is Nothing in Common, ethnicity is American, director is Garry Marshall, cast is Tom Hanks, Jackie Gleason, Eva Marie Saint, Sela Ward, Barry Corbin, Héctor Elizondo, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Off Beat, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Dinner, cast is Judge Reinhold, Meg Tilly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is On the Edge, ethnicity is American, director is Rob Nilsson, cast is Bruce Dern, Pam Grier, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is One Crazy Summer, ethnicity is American, director is Savage Steve Holland, cast is John Cusack, Bobcat Goldthwait, Demi Moore, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is One More Saturday Night, ethnicity is American, director is Dennis Klein, cast is Tom Davis, Al Franken, Moira Harris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Out of Bounds, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Tuggle, cast is Anthony Michael Hall, Jenny Wright, Jeff Kober, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is The Patriot, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Harris, cast is Gregg Henry, Simone Griffeth, Michael J. Pollard, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Peggy Sue Got Married, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Kathleen Turner, Nicolas Cage, Catherine Hicks, Joan Allen, Jim Carrey, Helen Hunt, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Pirates, ethnicity is American, director is Roman Polanski, cast is Walter Matthau, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Platoon, ethnicity is American, director is Oliver Stone, cast is Tom Berenger, Willem Dafoe, Charlie Sheen, genre is war. Release year is 1986, title is Playing for Keeps, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Weinstein, Harvey Weinstein, cast is Daniel Jordano, Matthew Penn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Police Academy 3: Back in Training, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Paris, cast is Steve Guttenberg, Bubba Smith, Leslie Easterbrook, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Poltergeist II: The Other Side, ethnicity is American, director is Brian Gibson, cast is JoBeth Williams, Craig T. Nelson, Heather O'Rourke, Oliver Robins, Zelda Rubinstein, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Power, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Richard Gere, Julie Christie, Gene Hackman, Denzel Washington, Kate Capshaw, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Pretty in Pink, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Deutch, cast is Molly Ringwald, Andrew McCarthy, Jon Cryer, Harry Dean Stanton, Annie Potts, James Spader, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Psycho III, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Perkins, cast is Anthony Perkins, Diana Scarwid, Jeff Fahey, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is Quicksilver, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas Donnelly, cast is Kevin Bacon, Jami Gertz, Paul Rodriguez, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Quiet Cool, ethnicity is American, director is Clay Borris, cast is James Remar, Daphne Ashbrook, Nick Cassavetes, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Rad, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Bill Allen, Lori Loughlin, Talia Shire, genre is family. Release year is 1986, title is Raw Deal, ethnicity is American, director is John Irvin, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Kathryn Harrold, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Red Headed Stranger, ethnicity is American, director is William D. Wittliff, cast is Willie Nelson, Morgan Fairchild, genre is western. Release year is 1986, title is River's Edge, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Hunter, cast is Crispin Glover, Keanu Reeves, Ione Skye Leitch, Daniel Roebuck, Dennis Hopper, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Running Scared, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Hyams, cast is Billy Crystal, Gregory Hines, Jimmy Smits, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Ruthless People, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Abrahams, David Zucker, Jerry Zucker, cast is Bette Midler, Danny DeVito, Judge Reinhold, Helen Slater, Anita Morris, Bill Pullman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Saving Grace, ethnicity is American, director is Robert M. Young, cast is Tom Conti, Fernando Rey, Erland Josephson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Seize the Day, ethnicity is American, director is Fielder Cook, cast is Robin Williams, Jerry Stiller, Joseph Wiseman, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Shanghai Surprise, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Goddard, cast is Sean Penn, Madonna, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is She's Gotta Have It, ethnicity is American, director is Spike Lee, cast is Tracy Camilla Johns, Tommy Redmond, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1986, title is Short Circuit, ethnicity is American, director is John Badham, cast is Ally Sheedy, Steve Guttenberg, Fisher Stevens, genre is sci-fi comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Solarbabies, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Johnson, cast is Jason Patric, Jami Gertz, Lukas Haas, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Something Wild, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Demme, cast is Jeff Daniels, Melanie Griffith, Ray Liotta, genre is thriller. Release year is 1986, title is Soul Man, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Miner, cast is C. Thomas Howell, Rae Dawn Chong, James Earl Jones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is SpaceCamp, ethnicity is American, director is Harry Winer, cast is Kate Capshaw, Lea Thompson, Kelly Preston, Larry B. Scott, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Stand by Me, ethnicity is American, director is Rob Reiner, cast is Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, Jerry O'Connell, Kiefer Sutherland, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard Nimoy, cast is William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, DeForest Kelley, James Doohan, Nichelle Nichols, George Takei, Catherine Hicks, Walter Koenig, Robin Curtis, Mark Lenard, Brock Peters, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Stoogemania, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Workman, cast is Josh Mostel, Melanie Chartoff, Sid Caesar, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Sweet Liberty, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Alda, cast is Alan Alda, Michael Caine, Michelle Pfeiffer, Bob Hoskins, Lise Hilboldt, Lois Chiles, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Tai-Pan, ethnicity is American, director is Daryl Duke, cast is Bryan Brown, Joan Chen, Tim Guinee, genre is adventure. Release year is 1986, title is TerrorVision, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Nicolaou, cast is Chad Allen, Diane Franklin, genre is comedy horror. Release year is 1986, title is The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2, ethnicity is American, director is Tobe Hooper, cast is Dennis Hopper, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is That's Life!, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Jack Lemmon, Julie Andrews, Sally Kellerman, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Three Amigos, ethnicity is American, director is John Landis, cast is Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, Martin Short, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Top Gun, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Scott, cast is Tom Cruise, Kelly McGillis, Anthony Edwards, Val Kilmer, Meg Ryan, Tom Skerritt, Michael Ironside, Tim Robbins, genre is action. Release year is 1986, title is Touch and Go, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mandel, cast is Michael Keaton, María Conchita Alonso, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Tough Guys, ethnicity is American, director is Jeff Kanew, cast is Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, Eli Wallach, Dana Carvey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is The Transformers: The Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Nelson Shin, cast is Judd Nelson, Leonard Nimoy, Robert Stack, Orson Welles, Eric Idle, Chris Latta, Peter Cullen, Frank Welker, Neil Ross, Michael Bell, Paul Eiding, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Trick or Treat, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Martin Smith, cast is Marc Price, Gene Simmons, Ozzy Osbourne, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is Troll, ethnicity is American, director is John Carl Buechler, cast is Michael Moriarty, June Lockhart, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is True Stories, ethnicity is American, director is David Byrne, cast is David Byrne, John Goodman, Swoosie Kurtz, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Under the Cherry Moon, ethnicity is American, director is Prince, cast is Prince, Kristin Scott Thomas, Jerome Benton, Francesca Annis, genre is drama. Release year is 1986, title is Vamp, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Wenk, cast is Grace Jones, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1986, title is Wildcats, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Goldie Hawn, Swoosie Kurtz, Nipsey Russell, Robyn Lively, Woody Harrelson, Wesley Snipes, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Wisdom, ethnicity is American, director is Emilio Estevez, cast is Emilio Estevez, Demi Moore, Tom Skerritt, Veronica Cartwright, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1986, title is Wise Guys, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Danny DeVito, Joe Piscopo, Harvey Keitel, Dan Hedaya, genre is comedy. Release year is 1986, title is Witchboard, ethnicity is American, director is Kevin Tenney, cast is Tawny Kitaen, Stephen Nichols, genre is horror. Release year is 1986, title is The Wraith, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Marvin, cast is Charlie Sheen, Sherilyn Fenn, Nick Cassavetes, Randy Quaid, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1987, title is 84 Charing Cross Road, ethnicity is American, director is David Jones, cast is Anne Bancroft, Anthony Hopkins, Judi Dench, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Adventures in Babysitting, ethnicity is American, director is Chris Columbus, cast is Elisabeth Shue, Maia Brewton, Keith Coogan, Anthony Rapp, Vincent D'Onofrio, Penelope Ann Miller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Nelson, cast is Richard Chamberlain, Sharon Stone, James Earl Jones, genre is adventure. Release year is 1987, title is The Allnighter, ethnicity is American, director is Tamar Simon Hoffs, cast is Susanna Hoffs, Joan Cusack, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Amazing Grace and Chuck, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Newell, cast is Jamie Lee Curtis, Gregory Peck, William L. Petersen, Joshua Zuehlke, Alex English, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Amazon Women on the Moon, ethnicity is American, director is 5 directors, cast is Arsenio Hall, Carrie Fisher, Sybil Danning, Griffin Dunne, Kelly Preston, David Alan Grier, Steve Forrest, Steve Allen, Steve Guttenberg, Rosanna Arquette, Michelle Pfeiffer, genre is comedy, parody. Release year is 1987, title is American Ninja 2: The Confrontation, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Firstenberg, cast is Michael Dudikoff, Steve James, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Angel Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Parker, cast is Mickey Rourke, Lisa Bonet, Robert De Niro, Charlotte Rampling, genre is mystery. Release year is 1987, title is Anguish, ethnicity is American, director is Bigas Luna, cast is Zelda Rubinstein, Michael Lerner, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Anna, ethnicity is American, director is Yurek Bogayevicz, cast is Sally Kirkland, Paulina Porizkova, Robert Fields, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Assassination, ethnicity is American, director is Peter R. Hunt, cast is Charles Bronson, Jill Ireland, Stephen Elliott, Michael Ansara, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Baby Boom, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Shyer, cast is Diane Keaton, Sam Shepard, Harold Ramis, Sam Wanamaker, James Spader, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Back to the Beach, ethnicity is American, director is Lyndall Hobbs, cast is Annette Funicello, Frankie Avalon, Bob Denver, Connie Stevens, Don Adams, Paul Reubens, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Bagdad Café, ethnicity is American, director is Percy Adlon, cast is Marianne Sägebrecht, C. C. H. Pounder, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Barfly, ethnicity is American, director is Barbet Schroeder, cast is Mickey Rourke, Faye Dunaway, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Bates Motel, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Rothstein, cast is Kurt Paul, Bud Cort, Lori Petty, Moses Gunn, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Batteries Not Included, ethnicity is American, director is Matthew Robbins, cast is Jessica Tandy, Hume Cronyn, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1987, title is The Bedroom Window, ethnicity is American, director is Curtis Hanson, cast is Elizabeth McGovern, Steve Guttenberg, Isabelle Huppert, genre is suspense. Release year is 1987, title is The Believers, ethnicity is American, director is John Schlesinger, cast is Martin Sheen, Helen Shaver, Robert Loggia, Jimmy Smits, Elizabeth Wilson, Harris Yulin, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Best Seller, ethnicity is American, director is John Flynn, cast is James Woods, Brian Dennehy, Victoria Tennant, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1987, title is Beverly Hills Cop II, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Scott, cast is Eddie Murphy, Judge Reinhold, Brigitte Nielsen, Jürgen Prochnow, Ronny Cox, John Ashton, genre is action, comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Beyond Therapy, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Julie Hagerty, Jeff Goldblum, Glenda Jackson, Tom Conti, Christopher Guest, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is The Big Bang, ethnicity is American, director is Picha, cast is Luis Rego, Georges Aminel, Perrette Pradier, genre is animated, adult. Release year is 1987, title is The Big Easy, ethnicity is American, director is Jim McBride, cast is Dennis Quaid, Ellen Barkin, Ned Beatty, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1987, title is The Big Town, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Becker, Ben Bolt, cast is Matt Dillon, Diane Lane, Tommy Lee Jones, Bruce Dern, Lee Grant, Tom Skerritt, Suzy Amis, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Black Widow, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Rafelson, cast is Debra Winger, Theresa Russell, Sami Frey, Nicol Williamson, Dennis Hopper, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1987, title is Blind Date, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Bruce Willis, Kim Basinger, John Larroquette, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Blood Diner, ethnicity is American, director is Jackie Kong, cast is Rick Burks, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Body Slam, ethnicity is American, director is Hal Needham, cast is Dirk Benedict, Roddy Piper, Tanya Roberts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Born in East L.A., ethnicity is American, director is Cheech Marin, cast is Cheech Marin, Daniel Stern, Paul Rodriguez, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is The Brave Little Toaster, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Rees, cast is voices of Jon Lovitz, Tim Stack, genre is animated. Release year is 1987, title is Broadcast News, ethnicity is American, director is James L. Brooks, cast is William Hurt, Albert Brooks, Holly Hunter, Joan Cusack, Robert Prosky, Lois Chiles, Jack Nicholson, genre is drama, comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Burglar, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh Wilson, cast is Whoopi Goldberg, Bobcat Goldthwait, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Buy & Cell, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Boris, cast is Robert Carradine, Randall "Tex" Cobb, Ben Vereen, Imogene Coca, Roddy Piper, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Can't Buy Me Love, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Rash, cast is Patrick Dempsey, Amanda Peterson, Seth Green, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Captive Hearts, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Almond, cast is Pat Morita, Chris Makepeace, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Cherry 2000, ethnicity is American, director is Steve De Jarnatt, cast is Melanie Griffith, David Andrews, Tim Thomerson, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1987, title is Christmas Comes to Willow Creek, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Lang, cast is John Schneider, Tom Wopat, Kim Delaney, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Cold Steel, ethnicity is American, director is Dorothy Ann Puzo, cast is Brad Davis, Sharon Stone, Adam Ant, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is Creepozoids, ethnicity is American, director is David DeCoteau, cast is Linnea Quigley, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1987, title is Creepshow 2, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gornick, cast is George Kennedy, Dorothy Lamour, Lois Chiles, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Critical Condition, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Apted, cast is Richard Pryor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Cross My Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Armyan Bernstein, cast is Martin Short, Annette O'Toole, Paul Reiser, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Cry Freedom, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Attenborough, cast is Denzel Washington, Kevin Kline, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1987, title is Cyclone, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Olen Ray, cast is Heather Thomas, Jeffrey Combs, Martin Landau, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Dead of Winter, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Mary Steenburgen, Roddy McDowall, Jan Rubeš, genre is suspense. Release year is 1987, title is Deadline, ethnicity is American, director is Nathaniel Gutman, cast is Christopher Walken, genre is war. Release year is 1987, title is Death Before Dishonor, ethnicity is American, director is Terry Leonard, cast is Fred Dryer, Brian Keith, Joanna Pacuła, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Death Wish 4: The Crackdown, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Charles Bronson, Kay Lenz, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is Dirty Dancing, ethnicity is American, director is Emile Ardolino, cast is Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey, Jerry Orbach, Cynthia Rhodes, Jack Weston, genre is romance. Release year is 1987, title is Disorderlies, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Schultz, cast is The Fat Boys, Ralph Bellamy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Down Twisted, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Pyun, cast is Carey Lowell, Charles Rocket, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is Dragnet, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Mankiewicz, cast is Dan Aykroyd, Tom Hanks, Dabney Coleman, Harry Morgan, Alexandra Paul, Christopher Plummer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Empire of the Sun, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Christian Bale, John Malkovich, Miranda Richardson, genre is war drama. Release year is 1987, title is Enemy Territory, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Manoogian, cast is Gary Frank, Ray Parker, Jr., Jan-Michael Vincent, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Ernest Goes to Camp, ethnicity is American, director is John Cherry III, cast is Jim Varney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Evil Dead II, ethnicity is American, director is Sam Raimi, cast is Bruce Campbell, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Extreme Prejudice, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Nick Nolte, Powers Boothe, Rip Torn, María Conchita Alonso, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Fatal Attraction, ethnicity is American, director is Adrian Lyne, cast is Michael Douglas, Glenn Close, Anne Archer, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is Fatal Beauty, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Holland, cast is Whoopi Goldberg, Sam Elliott, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Fight for Life, ethnicity is American, director is Elliot Silverstein, cast is Jerry Lewis, Patty Duke, Morgan Freeman, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Five Corners, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Bill, cast is Tim Robbins, Jodie Foster, John Turturro, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Flowers in the Attic, ethnicity is American, director is Jeffrey Bloom, cast is Louise Fletcher, Victoria Tennant, Kristy Swanson, genre is suspense. Release year is 1987, title is From the Hip, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Clark, cast is Judd Nelson, Elizabeth Perkins, John Hurt, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Full Metal Jacket, ethnicity is American, director is Stanley Kubrick, cast is Matthew Modine, R. Lee Ermey, Vincent D'Onofrio, Adam Baldwin, Dorian Harewood, Arliss Howard, genre is war. Release year is 1987, title is G.I. Joe: The Movie, ethnicity is American, director is Don Jurwich, cast is voices of Don Johnson, Burgess Meredith, Sgt. Slaughter, Chris Latta, Michael Bell, Neil Ross, genre is animated. Release year is 1987, title is Gardens of Stone, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is James Caan, Anjelica Huston, James Earl Jones, D. B. Sweeney, Mary Stuart Masterson, Dean Stockwell, genre is war drama. Release year is 1987, title is The Gate, ethnicity is American, director is Tibor Tacacs, cast is Stephen Dorff, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is The Glass Menagerie, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Newman, cast is Joanne Woodward, John Malkovich, Karen Allen, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Good Morning, Vietnam, ethnicity is American, director is Barry Levinson, cast is Robin Williams, Robert Wuhl, Forest Whitaker, Bruno Kirby, J. T. Walsh, genre is war comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Hamburger Hill, ethnicity is American, director is John Irvin, cast is Dylan McDermott, Don Cheadle, Steven Weber, genre is war drama. Release year is 1987, title is Happy New Year, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Peter Falk, Charles Durning, Wendy Hughes, Tom Courtenay, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Harry and the Hendersons, ethnicity is American, director is William Dear, cast is John Lithgow, Melinda Dillon, Don Ameche, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Hello Again, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Perry, cast is Shelley Long, Corbin Bernsen, Judith Ivey, Gabriel Byrne, Sela Ward, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Pittman, cast is Michael Ironside, Lisa Schrage, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Hellraiser, ethnicity is American, director is Clive Barker, cast is Andrew Robinson, Claire Higgins, Ashley Laurence, Doug Bradley, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is The Hidden, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Sholder, cast is Kyle MacLachlan, Michael Nouri, Claudia Christian, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1987, title is Hiding Out, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Giraldi, cast is Jon Cryer, Annabeth Gish, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is A Hobo's Christmas, ethnicity is American, director is Will MacKenzie, cast is Barnard Hughes, Gerald McRaney, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Hollywood Shuffle, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Townsend, cast is Robert Townsend, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Hope and Glory, ethnicity is American, director is John Boorman, cast is Sarah Miles, Sammi Davis, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Hot Pursuit, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Lisberger, cast is John Cusack, Jerry Stiller, Ben Stiller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is House II: The Second Story, ethnicity is American, director is Ethan Wiley, cast is Arye Gross, Amy Yasbeck, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is House of Games, ethnicity is American, director is David Mamet, cast is Joe Mantegna, Lindsay Crouse, Ricky Jay, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Housekeeping, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Forsyth, cast is Christine Lahti, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Howling III, ethnicity is American, director is Phillippe Mora, cast is Barry Otto, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Hunk, ethnicity is American, director is Lawrence Bassoff, cast is Deborah Shelton, James Coco, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is I've Heard the Mermaids Singing, ethnicity is American, director is Patricia Rozema, cast is Sheila McCarthy, Ann-Marie MacDonald, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Innerspace, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Dante, cast is Dennis Quaid, Martin Short, Meg Ryan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Ironweed, ethnicity is American, director is Héctor Babenco, cast is Jack Nicholson, Meryl Streep, Tom Waits, Fred Gwynne; Michael O'Keefe, Carroll Baker, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Ishtar, ethnicity is American, director is Elaine May, cast is Warren Beatty, Dustin Hoffman, Isabelle Adjani, Charles Grodin, Tess Harper, Jack Weston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Jaws: The Revenge, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is Lorraine Gary, Michael Caine, Mario Van Peebles, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Jocks, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Carver, cast is Scott Strader, Perry Lang, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is King Lear, ethnicity is American, director is Jean-Luc Godard, cast is Peter Sellars, Burgess Meredith, Molly Ringwald, Woody Allen, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is La Bamba, ethnicity is American, director is Luis Valdez, cast is Lou Diamond Phillips, Esai Morales, Rosanna DeSoto, Elizabeth Peña, Danielle von Zerneck, genre is biography. Release year is 1987, title is Lady Beware, ethnicity is American, director is Karen Arthur, cast is Diane Lane, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is Leonard Part 6, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Weiland, cast is Bill Cosby, Joe Don Baker, Gloria Foster, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Less Than Zero, ethnicity is American, director is Marek Kanievska, cast is Andrew McCarthy, Jami Gertz, Robert Downey, Jr., James Spader, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Lethal Weapon, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Mel Gibson, Danny Glover, Gary Busey, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Light of Day, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Schrader, cast is Michael J. Fox, Gena Rowlands, Joan Jett, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Like Father Like Son, ethnicity is American, director is Rod Daniel, cast is Kirk Cameron, Dudley Moore, Sean Astin, Catherine Hicks, Margaret Colin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Lionheart, ethnicity is American, director is Franklin J. Schaffner, cast is Eric Stoltz, Gabriel Byrne, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1987, title is Long Gone, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Davidson, cast is William Petersen, Virginia Madsen, Dermot Mulroney, genre is sports comedy. Release year is 1987, title is The Lost Boys, ethnicity is American, director is Joel Schumacher, cast is Jason Patric, Corey Haim, Dianne Wiest, Barnard Hughes, Kiefer Sutherland, Jami Gertz, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Love Among Thieves, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Young, cast is Audrey Hepburn, Robert Wagner, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Love at Stake, ethnicity is American, director is John Moffitt, cast is Patrick Cassidy, Kelly Preston, Barbara Carrera, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Made in Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rudolph, cast is Kelly McGillis, Timothy Hutton, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1987, title is Maid to Order, ethnicity is American, director is Amy Holden Jones, cast is Ally Sheedy, Valerie Perrine, Beverly D'Angelo, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Making Mr. Right, ethnicity is American, director is Susan Seidelman, cast is John Malkovich, Ann Magnuson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Malone, ethnicity is American, director is Harley Cokeliss, cast is Burt Reynolds, Cliff Robertson, Lauren Hutton, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Mannequin, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Gottlieb, cast is Andrew McCarthy, Kim Cattrall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Masters of the Universe, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Goddard, cast is Dolph Lundgren, Frank Langella, Courteney Cox, Billy Barty, Chelsea Field, Jon Cypher, Robert Duncan McNeill, James Tolkan, Christina Pickles, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1987, title is Matewan, ethnicity is American, director is John Sayles, cast is Chris Cooper, Will Oldham, David Strathairn, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Miami Connection, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Park, cast is Y.K. Kim, Vincent Hirsch, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Million Dollar Mystery, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Fleischer, cast is Tom Bosley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is The Monster Squad, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Dekker, cast is Stephen Macht, Tom Noonan, Andre Gower, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Moonstruck, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Cher, Nicolas Cage, Olympia Dukakis, Danny Aiello, Vincent Gardenia, John Mahoney, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Morgan Stewart's Coming Home, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Aaron, Terry Winter, cast is Jon Cryer, Paul Gleason, Lynn Redgrave, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Munchies, ethnicity is American, director is Bettina Hirsch, cast is Harvey Korman, Wendy Schaal, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1987, title is My Best Friend's Birthday, ethnicity is American, director is Quentin Tarantino, cast is Quentin Tarantino, genre is short subject. Release year is 1987, title is My Little Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Connie Kaiserman, cast is James Earl Jones, Geraldine Page, Mary Stuart Masterson, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Nadine, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Benton, cast is Kim Basinger, Jeff Bridges, Rip Torn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Near Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Kathryn Bigelow, cast is Adrian Pasdar, Jenny Wright, Bill Paxton, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Russell, cast is Heather Langenkamp, Patricia Arquette, Robert Englund, Laurence Fishburne, John Saxon, genre is slasher. Release year is 1987, title is No Man's Land, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Werner, cast is Charlie Sheen, D. B. Sweeney, Randy Quaid, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1987, title is No Way Out, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Donaldson, cast is Kevin Costner, Gene Hackman, Sean Young, Will Patton, George Dzundza, Howard Duff, Iman, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is Nowhere to Hide, ethnicity is American, director is Mario Azzopardi, cast is Amy Madigan, Michael Ironside, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Number One with a Bullet, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Smight, cast is Robert Carradine, Billy Dee Williams, Valerie Bertinelli, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Nuts, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Ritt, cast is Barbra Streisand, Richard Dreyfuss, Karl Malden, Leslie Nielsen, Maureen Stapleton, Robert Webber, Eli Wallach, James Whitmore, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is O.C. and Stiggs, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Altman, cast is Daniel H. Jenkins, Neill Barry, Paul Dooley, Jane Curtin, Jon Cryer, Cynthia Nixon, Martin Mull, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Orphans, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is Albert Finney, Matthew Modine, genre is crime. Release year is 1987, title is Outrageous Fortune, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Bette Midler, Shelley Long, Peter Coyote, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Over the Top, ethnicity is American, director is Menahem Golan, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Robert Loggia, David Mendenhall, Susan Blakely, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Overboard, ethnicity is American, director is Garry Marshall, cast is Goldie Hawn, Kurt Russell, Edward Herrmann, Roddy McDowall, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is The Pick-up Artist, ethnicity is American, director is James Toback, cast is Robert Downey, Jr., Molly Ringwald, Dennis Hopper, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Planes, Trains and Automobiles, ethnicity is American, director is John Hughes, cast is Steve Martin, John Candy, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Drake, cast is Steve Guttenberg, Bubba Smith, Michael Winslow, George Gaynes, David Graf, David Spade, Leslie Easterbrook, Bobcat Goldthwait, Corinne Bohrer, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is A Prayer for the Dying, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Hodges, cast is Mickey Rourke, Bob Hoskins, Alan Bates, Sammi Davis, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1987, title is Predator, ethnicity is American, director is John McTiernan, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Carl Weathers, Jesse Ventura, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1987, title is Prince of Darkness, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Donald Pleasence, Jameson Parker, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1987, title is The Princess Bride, ethnicity is American, director is Rob Reiner, cast is Cary Elwes, Robin Wright, Mandy Patinkin, André the Giant, Chris Sarandon, Christopher Guest, Wallace Shawn, Billy Crystal, Peter Falk, Fred Savage, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1987, title is The Principal, ethnicity is American, director is Christopher Cain, cast is James Belushi, Louis Gossett, Jr., Rae Dawn Chong, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Prison, ethnicity is American, director is Renny Harlin, cast is Lane Smith, Viggo Mortensen, Chelsea Field, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Project X, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Kaplan, cast is Matthew Broderick, Helen Hunt, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Promised Land, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Hoffman, cast is Kiefer Sutherland, Meg Ryan, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Radio Days, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Mia Farrow, Dianne Wiest, Julie Kavner, Michael Tucker, Josh Mostel, Seth Green, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Raising Arizona, ethnicity is American, director is Joel Coen, cast is Nicolas Cage, Holly Hunter, John Goodman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Rampage, ethnicity is American, director is William Friedkin, cast is Michael Biehn, Deborah Van Valkenburgh, Nicholas Campbell, Alex McArthur, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1987, title is Real Men, ethnicity is American, director is Dennis Feldman, cast is James Belushi, John Ritter, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Rent-a-Cop, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry London, cast is Burt Reynolds, Liza Minnelli, James Remar, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Return to Horror High, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Froelich, cast is Vince Edwards, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is A Return to Salem's Lot, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Cohen, cast is Michael Moriarty, Samuel Fuller, Evelyn Keyes, genre is horror. Release year is 1987, title is Revenge of the Nerds II: Nerds in Paradise, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Roth, cast is Robert Carradine, Anthony Edwards, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is RoboCop, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Verhoeven, cast is Peter Weller, Nancy Allen, Dan O'Herlihy, Ronny Cox, Kurtwood Smith, Miguel Ferrer, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1987, title is Roxanne, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Schepisi, cast is Steve Martin, Daryl Hannah, Rick Rossovich, Shelley Duvall, Fred Willard, Michael J. Pollard, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is The Running Man, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Michael Glaser, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Richard Dawson, María Conchita Alonso, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1987, title is Russkies, ethnicity is American, director is Rick Rosenthal, cast is Joaquin Phoenix, Peter Billingsley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Salvation!, ethnicity is American, director is Beth B., cast is Viggo Mortensen, Exene Cervenka, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is The Secret of My Succe$s, ethnicity is American, director is Herbert Ross, cast is Michael J. Fox, Helen Slater, Margaret Whitton, Richard Jordan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is September, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Mia Farrow, Sam Waterston, Dianne Wiest, Elaine Stritch, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Shy People, ethnicity is American, director is Andrei Konchalovsky, cast is Barbara Hershey, Jill Clayburgh, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is The Sicilian, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Cimino, cast is Christopher Lambert, Terence Stamp, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Silent Night, Deadly Night Part 2, ethnicity is American, director is Lee Harry, cast is Eric Freeman, genre is slasher. Release year is 1987, title is Sister, Sister, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Condon, cast is Jennifer Jason Leigh, Judith Ivey, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is Slam Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Wayne Wang, cast is Tom Hulce, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Virginia Madsen, Harry Dean Stanton, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is Slumber Party Massacre II, ethnicity is American, director is Deborah Brock, cast is Crystal Bernard, genre is slasher. Release year is 1987, title is Snow White, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Berz, cast is Diana Rigg, genre is family. Release year is 1987, title is Some Kind of Wonderful, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Deutch, cast is Eric Stoltz, Mary Stuart Masterson, Lea Thompson, Craig Sheffer, John Ashton, Elias Koteas, Maddie Corman, genre is rom com. Release year is 1987, title is Someone to Love, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Jaglom, cast is Orson Welles, Andrea Marcovicci, Sally Kellerman, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Someone to Watch Over Me, ethnicity is American, director is Ridley Scott, cast is Tom Berenger, Mimi Rogers, Lorraine Bracco, Jerry Orbach, Andreas Katsulas, genre is suspense. Release year is 1987, title is Sorority House Massacre, ethnicity is American, director is Carol Frank, cast is Angela O'Neill, Wendy Martel, genre is slasher. Release year is 1987, title is Spaceballs, ethnicity is American, director is Mel Brooks, cast is John Candy, Bill Pullman, Rick Moranis, Joan Rivers, Daphne Zuniga, Mel Brooks, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Square Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Winona Ryder, Rob Lowe, Jason Robards, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is The Squeeze, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Young, cast is Michael Keaton, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Stakeout, ethnicity is American, director is John Badham, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Emilio Estevez, Madeleine Stowe, Aidan Quinn, genre is crime. Release year is 1987, title is Steel Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Lance Hool, cast is Patrick Swayze, Lisa Niemi, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is The Stepfather, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Ruben, cast is Terry O'Quinn, Jill Schoelen, Shelley Hack, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is Straight to Hell, ethnicity is American, director is Alex Cox, cast is Courtney Love, Dennis Hopper, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Street Smart, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Schatzberg, cast is Christopher Reeve, Morgan Freeman, Kathy Baker, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Summer Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Michie Gleason, cast is Lori Singer, Anthony Edwards, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Summer School, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is Mark Harmon, Kirstie Alley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Superman IV: The Quest for Peace, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney J. Furie, cast is Christopher Reeve, Gene Hackman, Margot Kidder, Mariel Hemingway, Jon Cryer, Jackie Cooper, genre is superhero. Release year is 1987, title is Surrender, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry Belson, cast is Michael Caine, Sally Field, Steve Guttenberg, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Suspect, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Cher, Dennis Quaid, Liam Neeson, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Teen Wolf Too, ethnicity is American, director is Christopher Leitch, cast is Jason Bateman, Kim Darby, John Astin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Terminus, ethnicity is American, director is Pierre-William Glenn, cast is Karen Allen, Jurgen Prochnow, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1987, title is Terror Squad, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Maris, cast is Chuck Connors, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is They Still Call Me Bruce, ethnicity is American, director is James Orr, cast is Johnny Yune, Robert Guillaume, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Three Men and a Baby, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard Nimoy, cast is Steve Guttenberg, Tom Selleck, Ted Danson, Nancy Travis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Three O'Clock High, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Joanou, cast is Casey Siemaszko, Richard Tyson, Jeffrey Tambor, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Three for the Road, ethnicity is American, director is Bill L. Norton, cast is Charlie Sheen, Sally Kellerman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Throw Momma from the Train, ethnicity is American, director is Danny DeVito, cast is Billy Crystal, Danny DeVito, Anne Ramsey, Kate Mulgrew, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is A Tiger's Tale, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Douglas, cast is Ann-Margret, C. Thomas Howell, Charles Durning, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Tin Men, ethnicity is American, director is Barry Levinson, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Danny DeVito, Barbara Hershey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Tough Guys Don't Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Mailer, cast is Ryan O'Neal, Isabella Rossellini, Lawrence Tierney, genre is mystery. Release year is 1987, title is The Trouble with Spies, ethnicity is American, director is Burt Kennedy, cast is Donald Sutherland, Ned Beatty, Ruth Gordon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is The Untouchables, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Sean Connery, Kevin Costner, Andy García, Robert De Niro, Patricia Clarkson, Charles Martin Smith, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1987, title is Wall Street, ethnicity is American, director is Oliver Stone, cast is Charlie Sheen, Michael Douglas, Daryl Hannah, Martin Sheen, Hal Holbrook, Terence Stamp, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Wanted: Dead or Alive, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Sherman, cast is Rutger Hauer, Gene Simmons, Mel Harris, genre is action. Release year is 1987, title is Weeds, ethnicity is American, director is John D. Hancock, cast is Nick Nolte, Ernie Hudson, William Forsythe, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is The Whales of August, ethnicity is American, director is Lindsay Anderson, cast is Bette Davis, Lillian Gish, Vincent Price, Ann Sothern, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is White of the Eye, ethnicity is American, director is Donald Cammell, cast is David Keith, Cathy Moriarty, genre is thriller. Release year is 1987, title is White Water Summer, ethnicity is American, director is Jeff Bleckner, cast is Kevin Bacon, Sean Astin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Who's That Girl, ethnicity is American, director is James Foley, cast is Madonna, Griffin Dunne, Haviland Morris, Bibi Besch, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is Wild Thing, ethnicity is American, director is Max Reid, cast is Robert Knepper, Kathleen Quinlan, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is The Witches of Eastwick, ethnicity is American, director is George Miller, cast is Susan Sarandon, Cher, Michelle Pfeiffer, Jack Nicholson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1987, title is You Ruined My Life, ethnicity is American, director is David Ashwell, cast is Soleil Moon Frye, genre is drama. Release year is 1987, title is Zombie High, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Link, cast is Virginia Madsen, genre is horror comedy. Release year is 1988, title is 18 Again!, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Flaherty, cast is George Burns, Charlie Schlatter, Tony Roberts, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is 1969, ethnicity is American, director is Ernest Thompson, cast is Robert Downey, Jr., Kiefer Sutherland, Bruce Dern, Winona Ryder, Joanna Cassidy, Mariette Hartley, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is '68, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Kovacs, cast is Shony Alex Braun, Nike Doukas, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Above the Law, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Davis, cast is Steven Seagal, Pam Grier, Sharon Stone, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is The Accidental Tourist, ethnicity is American, director is Lawrence Kasdan, cast is William Hurt, Kathleen Turner, Geena Davis, Amy Wright, Bill Pullman, David Ogden Stiers, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is The Accused, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Kaplan, cast is Kelly McGillis, Jodie Foster, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Action Jackson, ethnicity is American, director is Craig R. Baxley, cast is Carl Weathers, Vanity, Craig T. Nelson, Sharon Stone, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is After Death, ethnicity is American, director is Claudio Fragasso, cast is Jeff Stryker, Candice Daly, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Alien Nation, ethnicity is American, director is Graham Baker, cast is James Caan, Mandy Patinkin, Terence Stamp, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1988, title is Alien from L.A., ethnicity is American, director is Albert Pyun, cast is Kathy Ireland, William R. Moses, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1988, title is American Gothic, ethnicity is American, director is John Hough, cast is Rod Steiger, Yvonne De Carlo, Sarah Torgov, Janet Wright, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is And God Created Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Vadim, cast is Rebecca De Mornay, Vincent Spano, Frank Langella, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Another Woman, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Mia Farrow, Gena Rowlands, Gene Hackman, Ian Holm, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Appointment With Death, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Winner, cast is Peter Ustinov, Lauren Bacall, Carrie Fisher, John Gielgud, Piper Laurie, Hayley Mills, Jenny Seagrove, Nicholas Guest, David Soul, genre is mystery. Release year is 1988, title is The Appointments of Dennis Jennings, ethnicity is American, director is Dean Parisot, cast is Steven Wright, Rowan Atkinson, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Arthur 2: On the Rocks, ethnicity is American, director is Bud Yorkin, cast is Dudley Moore, Liza Minnelli, John Gielgud, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Kathy Bates, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Bad Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Fleming, cast is Jennifer Rubin, genre is horror, thriller. Release year is 1988, title is Bat*21, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Markle, cast is Gene Hackman, Danny Glover, Jerry Reed, genre is war, biography. Release year is 1988, title is Beaches, ethnicity is American, director is Garry Marshall, cast is Bette Midler, Barbara Hershey, John Heard, James Read, Lainie Kazan, Spalding Gray, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is The Beast, ethnicity is American, director is Kevin Reynolds, cast is Jason Patric, Steven Bauer, George Dzundza, Stephen Baldwin, genre is war. Release year is 1988, title is Beetlejuice, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Burton, cast is Michael Keaton, Alec Baldwin, Geena Davis, Jeffrey Jones, Catherine O'Hara, Winona Ryder, genre is comedy, fantasy. Release year is 1988, title is Betrayed, ethnicity is American, director is Costa Gavras, cast is Debra Winger, Tom Berenger, John Heard, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is Big, ethnicity is American, director is Penny Marshall, cast is Tom Hanks, Elizabeth Perkins, Robert Loggia, John Heard, Jared Rushton, Mercedes Ruehl, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is The Big Blue, ethnicity is American, director is Luc Besson, cast is Rosanna Arquette, Jean-Marc Barr, Jean Reno, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Big Business, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Abrahams, cast is Lily Tomlin, Bette Midler, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Big Top Pee-wee, ethnicity is American, director is Randal Kleiser, cast is Paul Reubens, Penelope Ann Miller, Kris Kristofferson, Valeria Golino, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Black Eagle, ethnicity is American, director is Eric Karson, cast is Sho Kosugi, Jean-Claude Van Damme, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is The Blob, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Russell, cast is Kevin Dillon, Shawnee Smith, Candy Clark, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1988, title is Bloodsport, ethnicity is American, director is Newt Arnold, cast is Jean-Claude Van Damme, Donald Gibb, Forest Whitaker, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is Bloodstone, ethnicity is American, director is Dwight. H . Little, cast is Rajinikanth, genre is adventure. Release year is 1988, title is The Boost, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Becker, cast is James Woods, Sean Young, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Braddock: Missing in Action III, ethnicity is American, director is Chuck Norris, cast is Chuck Norris, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is Brain Damage, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Henenlotter, cast is Rick Hearst, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Bull Durham, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Shelton, cast is Kevin Costner, Susan Sarandon, Tim Robbins, Robert Wuhl, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Bulletproof, ethnicity is American, director is Steve Carver, cast is Gary Busey, Darlanne Fluegel, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is C.H.U.D. II: Bud the C.H.U.D., ethnicity is American, director is David K. Irving, cast is Tricia Leigh Fisher, Bianca Jagger, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Caddyshack II, ethnicity is American, director is Allan Arkush, cast is Jackie Mason, Dyan Cannon, Randy Quaid, Robert Stack, Jonathan Silverman, Chevy Chase, Dan Aykroyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Call Me, ethnicity is American, director is Sollace Mitchell, cast is Patricia Charbonneau, Boyd Gaines, Steve Buscemi, genre is erotic thriller. Release year is 1988, title is Casual Sex?, ethnicity is American, director is Geneviève Robert, cast is Lea Thompson, Victoria Jackson, Andrew Dice Clay, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Catacombs, ethnicity is American, director is David Schmoeller, cast is Timothy Van Patten, Ian Abercrombie, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Cellar Dweller, ethnicity is American, director is John Carl Buechler, cast is Debrah Farentino, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Child's Play, ethnicity is American, director is Tom Holland, cast is Catherine Hicks, Chris Sarandon, Alex Vincent, Brad Dourif, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is The Chocolate War, ethnicity is American, director is Keith Gordon, cast is John Glover, Ilan Mitchell-Smith, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Clara's Heart, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Mulligan, cast is Whoopi Goldberg, Kathleen Quinlan, Neil Patrick Harris, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Clean and Sober, ethnicity is American, director is Glenn Gordon Caron, cast is Michael Keaton, Morgan Freeman, Kathy Baker, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Clownhouse, ethnicity is American, director is Victor Salva, cast is Sam Rockwell, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Cocktail, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Donaldson, cast is Tom Cruise, Bryan Brown, Elisabeth Shue, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Cocoon: The Return, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Don Ameche, Hume Cronyn, Wilford Brimley, Steve Guttenberg, Jessica Tandy, Maureen Stapleton, Tahnee Welch, Barret Oliver, Courteney Cox, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1988, title is Colors, ethnicity is American, director is Dennis Hopper, cast is Sean Penn, Robert Duvall, María Conchita Alonso, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is Coming to America, ethnicity is American, director is John Landis, cast is Eddie Murphy, Arsenio Hall, James Earl Jones, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Cop, ethnicity is American, director is James B. Harris, cast is James Woods, Lesley Ann Warren, Charles Durning, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is The Couch Trip, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Dan Aykroyd, Charles Grodin, Walter Matthau, Donna Dixon, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Crash Course, ethnicity is American, director is Oz Scott, cast is Alyssa Milano, Jackee, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Crossing Delancey, ethnicity is American, director is Joan Micklin Silver, cast is Amy Irving, Peter Riegert, Sylvia Miles, Jeroen Krabbe, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1988, title is A Cry in the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Schepisi, cast is Meryl Streep, Sam Neill, genre is docudrama. Release year is 1988, title is D.O.A., ethnicity is American, director is Annabel Jankel, Rocky Morton, cast is Meg Ryan, Dennis Quaid, Daniel Stern, Charlotte Rampling, genre is suspense. Release year is 1988, title is Dance 'Til Dawn, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Schneider, cast is Alyssa Milano, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Dangerous Curves, ethnicity is American, director is David Lewis, cast is Tate Donovan, Grant Heslov, Robert Stack, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Dangerous Liaisons, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Frears, cast is Michelle Pfeiffer, Glenn Close, John Malkovich, Keanu Reeves, Uma Thurman, Swoosie Kurtz, Mildred Natwick, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Dead Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Goldblatt, cast is Treat Williams, Joe Piscopo, Darren McGavin, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is The Dead Pool, ethnicity is American, director is Buddy van Horn, cast is Clint Eastwood, Liam Neeson, Patricia Clarkson, Jim Carrey, genre is suspense. Release year is 1988, title is Dead Ringers, ethnicity is American, director is David Cronenberg, cast is Jeremy Irons, Geneviève Bujold, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Deadly Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Kristine Peterson, cast is Juliette Cummins, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Destroyer, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Kirk, cast is Lyle Alzado, Anthony Perkins, genre is action, horror. Release year is 1988, title is Die Hard, ethnicity is American, director is John McTiernan, cast is Bruce Willis, Alan Rickman, Bonnie Bedelia, William Atherton, Paul Gleason, Reginald VelJohnson, Alexander Godunov, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, ethnicity is American, director is Frank Oz, cast is Michael Caine, Steve Martin, Glenne Headly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Distant Thunder, ethnicity is American, director is Rick Rosenthal, cast is John Lithgow, Ralph Macchio, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Dominick and Eugene, ethnicity is American, director is Robert M. Young, cast is Ray Liotta, Tom Hulce, Jamie Lee Curtis, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is The Drifter, ethnicity is American, director is Larry Brand, cast is Miles O'Keeffe, Kim Delaney, Timothy Bottoms, genre is thriller. Release year is 1988, title is Earth Girls Are Easy, ethnicity is American, director is Julien Temple, cast is Geena Davis, Jeff Goldblum, Jim Carrey, Damon Wayans, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Eight Men Out, ethnicity is American, director is John Sayles, cast is John Cusack, Charlie Sheen, David Strathairn, John Mahoney, Clifton James, D. B. Sweeney, Studs Terkel, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1988, title is Elvira, Mistress of the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is James Signorelli, cast is Cassandra Peterson, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Ernest Saves Christmas, ethnicity is American, director is John Cherry III, cast is Jim Varney, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Everybody's All-American, ethnicity is American, director is Taylor Hackford, cast is Dennis Quaid, Jessica Lange, Timothy Hutton, John Goodman, Patricia Clarkson, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Feds, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Goldberg, cast is Rebecca De Mornay, Mary Gross, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is A Fish Called Wanda, ethnicity is American, director is Charles Crichton, cast is John Cleese, Kevin Kline, Jamie Lee Curtis, Michael Palin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is For Keeps?, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Molly Ringwald, Randall Batinkoff, Kenneth Mars, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Frantic, ethnicity is American, director is Roman Polanski, cast is Harrison Ford, Emmanuelle Seigner, Betty Buckley, genre is thriller. Release year is 1988, title is Fresh Horses, ethnicity is American, director is David Anspaugh, cast is Molly Ringwald, Andrew McCarthy, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood, ethnicity is American, director is John Carl Buechler, cast is Lar Park Lincoln, Kane Hodder, genre is slasher. Release year is 1988, title is Full Moon in Blue Water, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Masterson, cast is Gene Hackman, Teri Garr, Burgess Meredith, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1988, title is Fun Down There, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Stigliano, cast is Michael Waite, Yvonne Fisher, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Funny Farm, ethnicity is American, director is George Roy Hill, cast is Chevy Chase, Madolyn Smith, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is 'Gator Bait II: Cajun Justice, ethnicity is American, director is Beverly Sebastion, cast is Jan Mackenzie, Jocelyn Boudreaux, Rocky Dugas, Keith Gros, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is The Good Mother, ethnicity is American, director is Leonard Nimoy, cast is Diane Keaton, Liam Neeson, Jason Robards, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Gorillas in the Mist: The Story of Dian Fossey, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Apted, cast is Sigourney Weaver, Bryan Brown, genre is biography. Release year is 1988, title is The Great Outdoors, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Deutch, cast is Dan Aykroyd, John Candy, Annette Bening, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Hairspray, ethnicity is American, director is John Waters, cast is Ricki Lake, Sonny Bono, Debbie Harry, Divine, Jerry Stiller, Ruth Brown, Pia Zadora, genre is musical comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers, ethnicity is American, director is Dwight H. Little, cast is Donald Pleasence, Ellie Cornell, Danielle Harris, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Hanna's War, ethnicity is American, director is Menahem Golan, cast is Ellen Burstyn, Maruschka Detmers, Donald Pleasence, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is Heart of Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Matthew Chapman, cast is Jennifer Jason Leigh, Peter Coyote, Brenda Vaccaro, genre is thriller. Release year is 1988, title is Heartbreak Hotel, ethnicity is American, director is Chris Columbus, cast is David Keith, Tuesday Weld, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Heathers, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Lehmann, cast is Winona Ryder, Christian Slater, Shannen Doherty, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Hellbound: Hellraiser II, ethnicity is American, director is Tony Randel, cast is Clare Higgins, Ashley Laurence, Doug Bradley, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Hero and the Terror, ethnicity is American, director is William Tannen, cast is Chuck Norris, Brynn Thayer, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is High Spirits, ethnicity is American, director is Neil Jordan, cast is Peter O'Toole, Daryl Hannah, Steve Guttenberg, Beverly D'Angelo, Liam Neeson, Peter Gallagher, Jennifer Tilly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Hobgoblins, ethnicity is American, director is Rick Sloane, cast is Tom Bartlett, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1988, title is Homeboy, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Seresin, cast is Mickey Rourke, Christopher Walken, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Hot to Trot, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Dinner, cast is Bobcat Goldthwait, Dabney Coleman, Virginia Madsen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is The House on Carroll Street, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Kelly McGillis, Jeff Daniels, Mandy Patinkin, genre is thriller. Release year is 1988, title is Howling IV: The Original Nightmare, ethnicity is American, director is John Hough, cast is Romy Windsor, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is I'm Gonna Git You Sucka, ethnicity is American, director is Keenen Ivory Wayans, cast is Jim Brown, Isaac Hayes, Bernie Casey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Iron Eagle II, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney J. Furie, cast is Louis Gossett, Jr., Mark Humphrey, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is Jack's Back, ethnicity is American, director is Rowdy Herrington, cast is James Spader, Cynthia Gibb, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Johnny Be Good, ethnicity is American, director is Bud S. Smith, cast is Anthony Michael Hall, Robert Downey, Jr., Uma Thurman, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Kansas, ethnicity is American, director is David Stevens, cast is Matt Dillon, Andrew McCarthy, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is Kenny, ethnicity is American, director is Claude Gagnon, cast is Kenny Easterday, genre is documentary. Release year is 1988, title is Killer Klowns from Outer Space, ethnicity is American, director is Chiodu Brothers, cast is Grant Cramer, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1988, title is The Kiss, ethnicity is American, director is Pen Densham, cast is Joanna Pacula, Meredith Salenger, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Lady in White, ethnicity is American, director is Frank LaLoggia, cast is Lukas Haas, Len Cariou, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is The Land Before Time, ethnicity is American, director is Don Bluth, cast is Gabriel Damon, Candace Hutson, Judith Barsi, Will Ryan, Helen Shaver, genre is animated. Release year is 1988, title is Last Rites, ethnicity is American, director is Donald P. Bellisario, cast is Tom Berenger, Daphne Zuniga, Anne Twomey, genre is thriller. Release year is 1988, title is The Last Temptation of Christ, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, cast is Willem Dafoe, Barbara Hershey, Harvey Keitel, Harry Dean Stanton, David Bowie, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Laura Lansing Slept Here, ethnicity is American, director is George Schaefer, cast is Katharine Hepburn, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is License to Drive, ethnicity is American, director is Greg Beeman, cast is Corey Haim, Corey Feldman, Carol Kane, Heather Graham, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Light Years, ethnicity is American, director is René Laloux, cast is Voices of Glenn Close, Jennifer Grey, Terrence Mann, genre is animated. Release year is 1988, title is Little Nikita, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Benjamin, cast is Sidney Poitier, River Phoenix, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Mac and Me, ethnicity is American, director is Stewart Raffill, cast is Christine Ebersole, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1988, title is The Man from Snowy River II, ethnicity is American, director is Geoff Burrowes, cast is Tom Burlinson, Brian Dennehy, genre is western. Release year is 1988, title is Maniac Cop, ethnicity is American, director is William Lustig, cast is Tom Atkins, Bruce Campbell, Robert Z'Dar, William Smith, Richard Roundtree,, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Married to the Mob, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Demme, cast is Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Modine, Dean Stockwell, Mercedes Ruehl, Oliver Platt, Alec Baldwin, Nancy Travis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Masquerade, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Swaim, cast is Rob Lowe, Meg Tilly, Kim Cattrall, Doug Savant, Dana Delany, genre is thriller. Release year is 1988, title is Memories of Me, ethnicity is American, director is Henry Winkler, cast is Billy Crystal, JoBeth Williams, Alan King, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Messenger of Death, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Charles Bronson, Trish Van Devere, Daniel Benzali, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is Midnight Run, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Brest, cast is Robert De Niro, Charles Grodin, Yaphet Kotto, John Ashton, Dennis Farina, genre is crime comedy. Release year is 1988, title is The Milagro Beanfield War, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Redford, cast is Sônia Braga, Rubén Blades, Christopher Walken, Melanie Griffith, Daniel Stern, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Miles from Home, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Sinise, cast is Richard Gere, Kevin Anderson, John Malkovich, Brian Dennehy, Penelope Ann Miller, Helen Hunt, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Miracle Mile, ethnicity is American, director is Steve DeJarnatt, cast is Anthony Edwards, Mare Winningham, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Mississippi Burning, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Parker, cast is Gene Hackman, Willem Dafoe, Frances McDormand, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is The Moderns, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Rudolph, cast is Keith Carradine, Linda Fiorentino, Genevieve Bujold, John Lone, Geraldine Chaplin, Kevin J. O'Connor, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1988, title is Moon Over Parador, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Mazursky, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Raúl Juliá, Sônia Braga, Jonathan Winters, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Moving, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Metter, cast is Richard Pryor, Randy Quaid, Dana Carvey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Mr. North, ethnicity is American, director is Danny Huston, cast is Anthony Edwards, Robert Mitchum, Lauren Bacall, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1988, title is My Best Friend Is a Vampire, ethnicity is American, director is Jimmy Huston, cast is Robert Sean Leonard, David Warner, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is My Stepmother Is an Alien, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Benjamin, cast is Kim Basinger, Dan Aykroyd, Alyson Hannigan, Jon Lovitz, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Mystic Pizza, ethnicity is American, director is Donald Petrie, cast is Julia Roberts, Annabeth Gish, Lili Taylor, William R. Moses, Vincent D'Onofrio, Adam Storke, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!, ethnicity is American, director is David Zucker, cast is Leslie Nielsen, Priscilla Presley, George Kennedy, O.J. Simpson, Ricardo Montalbán, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Anakin, cast is Tami Erin, Eileen Brennan, genre is family. Release year is 1988, title is A New Life, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Alda, cast is Alan Alda, Ann-Margret, Hal Linden, Veronica Hamel, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1988, title is The Night Before, ethnicity is American, director is Thom Eberhardt, cast is Keanu Reeves, Lori Loughlin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon, ethnicity is American, director is William Richert, cast is River Phoenix, Matthew Perry, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Nightmare at Bittercreek, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Burstall, cast is Lindsay Wagner, Tom Skerritt, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master, ethnicity is American, director is Renny Harlin, cast is Robert Englund, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is No Retreat, No Surrender 2, ethnicity is American, director is Corey Yuen, cast is Loren Avedon, genre is martial arts. Release year is 1988, title is Not Of This Earth, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Wynorski, cast is Traci Lords, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1988, title is Off Limits, ethnicity is American, director is Christopher Crowe, cast is Willem Dafoe, Gregory Hines, Amanda Pays, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1988, title is Oliver & Company, ethnicity is American, director is George Scribner, cast is voices of Billy Joel, Joey Lawrence, Bette Midler, Dom DeLuise, Cheech Marin, Robert Loggia, Sheryl Lee Ralph, genre is animated. Release year is 1988, title is Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss, ethnicity is American, director is Dick Bartlett, cast is Jerry O'Connell, James Sikking, Jean Shepherd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Pass the Ammo, ethnicity is American, director is David Beaird, cast is Bill Paxton, Tim Curry, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Permanent Record, ethnicity is American, director is Marisa Silver, cast is Keanu Reeves, Jennifer Rubin, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Phantasm II, ethnicity is American, director is Don Coscarelli, cast is James LeGros, Reggie Bannister, Angus Scrimm, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Plain Clothes, ethnicity is American, director is Martha Coolidge, cast is Arliss Howard, Suzy Amis, Seymour Cassel, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Platoon Leader, ethnicity is American, director is Aaron Norris, cast is Michael Dudikoff, Michael DeLorenzo, genre is war. Release year is 1988, title is Police Academy 5: Assignment Miami Beach, ethnicity is American, director is Alan Myerson, cast is Bubba Smith, David Graf, Michael Winslow, Leslie Easterbrook, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Poltergeist III, ethnicity is American, director is Gary Sherman, cast is Heather O'Rourke, Tom Skerritt, Nancy Allen, Zelda Rubinstein, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is The Presidio, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Hyams, cast is Sean Connery, Mark Harmon, Meg Ryan, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is The Prince of Pennsylvania, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Myswaner, cast is Keanu Reeves, Bonnie Bedelia, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Prison, ethnicity is American, director is Renny Harlin, cast is Viggo Mortensen, Chelsea Field, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Punchline, ethnicity is American, director is David Seltzer, cast is Tom Hanks, Sally Field, John Goodman, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Purple People Eater, ethnicity is American, director is Linda Shayne, cast is Neil Patrick Harris, Ned Beatty, Thora Birch, genre is family. Release year is 1988, title is Puss in Boots, ethnicity is American, director is Eugene Marner, cast is Christopher Walken, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1988, title is Rain Man, ethnicity is American, director is Barry Levinson, cast is Dustin Hoffman, Tom Cruise, Valeria Golino, genre is drama, comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Rambo III, ethnicity is American, director is Sylvester Stallone, cast is Sylvester Stallone, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is Rampage, ethnicity is American, director is William Friedkin, cast is Michael Biehn, Nicholas Campbell, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is Red Heat, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, James Belushi, Ed O'Ross, Peter Boyle, Laurence Fishburne, Gina Gershon, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is Remote Control, ethnicity is American, director is Jeff Lieberman, cast is Kevin Dillon, Jennifer Tilly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Rent-A-Cop, ethnicity is American, director is Jerry London, cast is Burt Reynolds, Liza Minnelli, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is The Rescue, ethnicity is American, director is Ferdinand Fairfax, cast is Kevin Dillon, Ned Vaughn, genre is adventure. Release year is 1988, title is Return of the Killer Tomatoes, ethnicity is American, director is John DeBello, cast is John Astin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Rocket Gibraltar, ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is Burt Lancaster, Suzy Amis, Patricia Clarkson, Frances Conroy, Sinead Cusack, John Glover, Bill Pullman, Kevin Spacey, Macaulay Culkin, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Running on Empty, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is River Phoenix, Judd Hirsch, Christine Lahti, Martha Plimpton, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Scarecrows, ethnicity is American, director is William Wesley, cast is Ted Vernon, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Scrooged, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Bill Murray, Karen Allen, Alfre Woodard, John Forsythe, Robert Mitchum, John Glover, Bobcat Goldthwait, Carol Kane, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is The Serpent and the Rainbow, ethnicity is American, director is Wes Craven, cast is Bill Pullman, Cathy Tyson, Paul Winfield, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is The Seventh Sign, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Schultz, cast is Demi Moore, Michael Biehn, Jurgen Prochnow, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Slaughterhouse Rock, ethnicity is American, director is Dimitri Logothetis, cast is Toni Basil, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Shadows in the Storm, ethnicity is American, director is Terrell Tannen, cast is Mia Sara, Ned Beatty, Michael Madsen, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Shakedown, ethnicity is American, director is James Glickenhaus, cast is Peter Weller, Sam Elliott, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is She's Having a Baby, ethnicity is American, director is John Hughes, cast is Kevin Bacon, Elizabeth McGovern, Alec Baldwin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Shoot to Kill, ethnicity is American, director is Roger Spottiswoode, cast is Sidney Poitier, Tom Berenger, Kirstie Alley, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is Short Circuit 2, ethnicity is American, director is Kenneth Johnson, cast is Fisher Stevens, Michael McKean, Cynthia Gibb, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1988, title is Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers, ethnicity is American, director is Michael A. Simpson, cast is Pamela Springsteen, Renee Estevez, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Slugs, ethnicity is American, director is Juan Piquer Simon, cast is Michael Garfield, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Some Girls, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Hoffman, cast is Patrick Dempsey, Jennifer Connelly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Sorority Babes in the Slimeball Bowl-O-Rama, ethnicity is American, director is David DeCoteau, cast is Linnea Quigley, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1988, title is Spellbinder, ethnicity is American, director is Janet Greek, cast is Tim Daly, Kelly Preston, Rick Rossovich, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Spellcaster, ethnicity is American, director is Rafal Zielinski, cast is Adam Ant, Gail O'Grady, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Spike of Bensonhurst, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Morrissey, cast is Sasha Mitchell, Ernest Borgnine, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Splash, Too, ethnicity is American, director is Greg Antonacci, cast is Amy Yasbeck, Todd Waring, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Split Decisions, ethnicity is American, director is David Drury, cast is Craig Sheffer, Jeff Fahey, Gene Hackman, Jennifer Beals, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Stand and Deliver, ethnicity is American, director is Ramon Menendez, cast is Edward James Olmos, Lou Diamond Phillips, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1988, title is Stealing Home, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Kampmann, cast is Jodie Foster, Mark Harmon, Blair Brown, Harold Ramis, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Stormy Monday, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Figgis, cast is Tommy Lee Jones, Melanie Griffith, Sting, Sean Bean, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Sunset, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is Bruce Willis, James Garner, Malcolm McDowell, Mariel Hemingway, Kathleen Quinlan, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Sweet Hearts Dance, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Greenwald, cast is Don Johnson, Susan Sarandon, Jeff Daniels, Elizabeth Perkins, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1988, title is Switching Channels, ethnicity is American, director is Ted Kotcheff, cast is Burt Reynolds, Kathleen Turner, Christopher Reeve, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Talk Radio, ethnicity is American, director is Oliver Stone, cast is Eric Bogosian, Alec Baldwin, Ellen Greene, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Tapeheads, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Fishman, cast is Tim Robbins, John Cusack, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Tequila Sunrise, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Towne, cast is Mel Gibson, Michelle Pfeiffer, Kurt Russell, Raul Julia, J.T. Walsh, Arliss Howard, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1988, title is They Live, ethnicity is American, director is John Carpenter, cast is Roddy Piper, Keith David, Meg Foster, genre is horror, comedy. Release year is 1988, title is A Time of Destiny, ethnicity is American, director is Gregory Nava, cast is William Hurt, Timothy Hutton, Melissa Leo, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Too Good to Be True, ethnicity is American, director is Christian I. Nyby, II, cast is Loni Anderson, Patrick Duffy, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Tougher Than Leather, ethnicity is American, director is Rick Rubin, cast is Joseph Simmons, Darryl McDaniels, genre is action. Release year is 1988, title is Track 29, ethnicity is American, director is Nicolas Roeg, cast is Theresa Russell, Gary Oldman, Christopher Lloyd, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is Tucker: The Man and His Dream, ethnicity is American, director is Francis Ford Coppola, cast is Jeff Bridges, Joan Allen, Martin Landau, Lloyd Bridges, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1988, title is Twins, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Reitman, cast is Arnold Schwarzenegger, Danny DeVito, Chloe Webb, Kelly Preston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Two Moon Junction, ethnicity is American, director is Zalman King, cast is Sherilyn Fenn, Richard Tyson, Kristy McNichol, Louise Fletcher, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is The Unbearable Lightness of Being, ethnicity is American, director is Philip Kaufman, cast is Daniel Day-Lewis, Juliette Binoche, Lena Olin, Derek de Lint, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is A Very Brady Christmas, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Baldwin, cast is Florence Henderson, Robert Reed, Ann B. Davis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Vibes, ethnicity is American, director is Ken Kwapis, cast is Cyndi Lauper, Jeff Goldblum, Peter Falk, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Vice Versa, ethnicity is American, director is Brian Gilbert, cast is Judge Reinhold, Fred Savage, Swoosie Kurtz, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is War Party, ethnicity is American, director is Franc Roddam, cast is Billy Wirth, Kevin Dillon, genre is drama. Release year is 1988, title is War and Remembrance, ethnicity is American, director is Dan Curtis, cast is Robert Mitchum, John Gielgud, Polly Bergen, Jane Seymour, Barry Bostwick, Hart Bochner, E.G. Marshall, Sharon Stone, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1988, title is Waxwork, ethnicity is American, director is Anthony Hickox, cast is Deborah Foreman, Zach Galligan, genre is horror. Release year is 1988, title is Who Framed Roger Rabbit, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Zemeckis, cast is Bob Hoskins, Joanna Cassidy, Christopher Lloyd, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is Willow, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Howard, cast is Warwick Davis, Val Kilmer, Joanne Whalley, Jean Marsh, Billy Barty, genre is fantasy. Release year is 1988, title is Working Girl, ethnicity is American, director is Mike Nichols, cast is Melanie Griffith, Harrison Ford, Sigourney Weaver, Joan Cusack, Alec Baldwin, Philip Bosco, Oliver Platt, Nora Dunn, genre is comedy. Release year is 1988, title is World Gone Wild, ethnicity is American, director is Lee H. Katzin, cast is Bruce Dern, Michael Paré, Catherine Mary Stewart, genre is sci-fi action. Release year is 1988, title is Young Guns, ethnicity is American, director is Christopher Cain, cast is Emilio Estevez, Kiefer Sutherland, Charlie Sheen, Lou Diamond Phillips, Dermot Mulroney, Casey Siemaszko, genre is western. Release year is 1989, title is The Abyss, ethnicity is American, director is James Cameron, cast is Ed Harris, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Michael Biehn, genre is science fiction, drama. Release year is 1989, title is After Midnight, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Wheat, Ken Wheat, cast is Marg Helgenberger, Marc McClure, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Alienator, ethnicity is American, director is Fred Olen Ray, cast is Jan-Michael Vincent, John Phillip Law, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1989, title is All Dogs Go to Heaven, ethnicity is American, director is Don Bluth, Gary Goldman, Dan Kuenster, cast is Burt Reynolds, Dom DeLuise, Judith Barsi, Vic Tayback, genre is animated film. Release year is 1989, title is Always, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Holly Hunter, John Goodman, Brad Johnson, Audrey Hepburn, genre is fantasy, romance. Release year is 1989, title is American Ninja 3: Blood Hunt, ethnicity is American, director is Cedric Sundstrom, cast is David Bradley, Steve James, Marjoe Gortner, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Arena, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Manoogian, cast is Paul Satterfield, Hamilton Camp, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Back to the Future Part II, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Zemeckis, cast is Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, genre is science fiction, comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Batman, ethnicity is American, director is Tim Burton, cast is Michael Keaton, Jack Nicholson, Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl, Jack Palance, Billy Dee Williams, genre is superhero, action. Release year is 1989, title is Bert Rigby, You're a Fool, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Reiner, cast is Robert Lindsay, Robbie Coltrane, Anne Bancroft, genre is musical. Release year is 1989, title is Best of the Best, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Radler, cast is Eric Roberts, James Earl Jones, Sally Kirkland, genre is martial arts. Release year is 1989, title is Beverly Hills Brats, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Sotos, cast is Peter Billingsley, Martin Sheen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is The Big Picture, ethnicity is American, director is Christopher Guest, cast is Kevin Bacon, Martin Short, Teri Hatcher, J.T. Walsh, Michael McKean, Jennifer Jason Leigh, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Herek, cast is Keanu Reeves, Alex Winter, George Carlin, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Black Rain, ethnicity is American, director is Ridley Scott, cast is Michael Douglas, Andy García, Ken Takakura, Kate Capshaw, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Blaze, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Shelton, cast is Paul Newman, Lolita Davidovich, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1989, title is Blind Fury, ethnicity is American, director is Phillip Noyce, cast is Rutger Hauer, Terry O'Quinn, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Bloodhounds of Broadway, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Brookner, cast is Matt Dillon, Jennifer Grey, Julie Hagerty, Rutger Hauer, Madonna, Esai Morales, Anita Morris, Randy Quaid, genre is drama, musical. Release year is 1989, title is Born on the Fourth of July, ethnicity is American, director is Oliver Stone, cast is Tom Cruise, Kyra Sedgwick, Willem Dafoe, genre is biography, drama. Release year is 1989, title is Breaking In, ethnicity is American, director is Bill Forsyth, cast is Burt Reynolds, Casey Siemaszko, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Bridesmaids, ethnicity is American, director is Lila Garrett, cast is Shelley Hack, Sela Ward, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is The 'Burbs, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Dante, cast is Tom Hanks, Bruce Dern, Carrie Fisher, Rick Ducommun, Corey Feldman, genre is black comedy. Release year is 1989, title is C.H.U.D. II: Bud the C.H.U.D., ethnicity is American, director is David K. Irving, cast is Brian Robbins, Tricia Leigh Fisher, Bianca Jagger, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Cameron's Closet, ethnicity is American, director is Armand Mastroianni, cast is Scott Curtis, Cotter Smith, Tab Hunter, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death, ethnicity is American, director is J.F. Lawton, cast is Shannon Tweed, Bill Maher, Karen Mistal, Adrienne Barbeau, genre is comedy, cult. Release year is 1989, title is Casualties of War, ethnicity is American, director is Brian De Palma, cast is Michael J. Fox, Sean Penn, genre is war, drama. Release year is 1989, title is Cat Chaser, ethnicity is American, director is Abel Ferrara, cast is Peter Weller, Kelly McGillis, Charles Durning, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Chances Are, ethnicity is American, director is Emile Ardolino, cast is Cybill Shepherd, Robert Downey, Jr., Ryan O'Neal, Mary Stuart Masterson, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Chattahoochee, ethnicity is American, director is Mick Jackson, cast is Gary Oldman, Dennis Hopper, Pamela Reed, Ned Beatty, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Checking Out, ethnicity is American, director is David Leland, cast is Jeff Daniels, Melanie Mayron, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Cheetah, ethnicity is American, director is Jeff Blyth, cast is Keith Coogan, Lucy Deakins, genre is family. Release year is 1989, title is Cohen and Tate, ethnicity is American, director is Eric Red, cast is Roy Scheider, Adam Baldwin, Harley Cross, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Cold Feet, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Dornhelm, cast is Keith Carradine, Sally Kirkland, Tom Waits, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Communion, ethnicity is American, director is Philippe Mora, cast is Christopher Walken, Lindsay Crouse, Frances Sternhagen, genre is suspense. Release year is 1989, title is Cookie, ethnicity is American, director is Susan Seidelman, cast is Peter Falk, Dianne Wiest, Emily Lloyd, Jerry Lewis, genre is crime, comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Cousins, ethnicity is American, director is Joel Schumacher, cast is Ted Danson, Isabella Rossellini, Sean Young, William Petersen, Norma Aleandro, Lloyd Bridges, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Crimes and Misdemeanors, ethnicity is American, director is Woody Allen, cast is Martin Landau, Woody Allen, Mia Farrow, Alan Alda, Anjelica Huston, Sam Waterston, Jerry Orbach, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Criminal Law, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Campbell, cast is Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Tess Harper, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Cutting Class, ethnicity is American, director is Rospo Pallenberg, cast is Donovan Leitch, Jill Schoelen, Brad Pitt, Martin Mull, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Cyborg, ethnicity is American, director is Albert Pyun, cast is Jean-Claude Van Damme, Deborah Richter, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1989, title is Dad, ethnicity is American, director is Gary David Goldberg, cast is Jack Lemmon, Ted Danson, Ethan Hawke, Olympia Dukakis, Kathy Baker, Kevin Spacey, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Day One, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Sargent, cast is Brian Dennehy, David Strathairn, Michael Tucker, genre is documentary. Release year is 1989, title is Dead Bang, ethnicity is American, director is John Frankenheimer, cast is Don Johnson, Tim Reid, Penelope Ann Miller, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Dead Calm, ethnicity is American, director is Phillip Noyce, cast is Nicole Kidman, Sam Neill, Billy Zane, genre is suspense. Release year is 1989, title is The Dead Pit, ethnicity is American, director is Britt Leonard, cast is Jeremy Slate, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Dead Poets Society, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Weir, cast is Robin Williams, Robert Sean Leonard, Ethan Hawke, Josh Charles, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is DeepStar Six, ethnicity is American, director is Sean S. Cunningham, cast is Greg Evigan, Nia Peeples, Miguel Ferrer, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1989, title is Disorganized Crime, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Kouf, cast is Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, Rubén Blades, Corbin Bernsen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Do the Right Thing, ethnicity is American, director is Spike Lee, cast is Danny Aiello, Spike Lee, John Turturro, Bill Nunn, Ossie Davis, Giancarlo Esposito, Richard Edson, Rosie Perez, Ruby Dee, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Dr. Caligari, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Sayadian, cast is Madeleine Reynal, Laura Albert, genre is cult film. Release year is 1989, title is The Dream Team, ethnicity is American, director is Howard Zieff, cast is Michael Keaton, Christopher Lloyd, Peter Boyle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Dream a Little Dream, ethnicity is American, director is Marc Rocco, cast is Corey Feldman, Corey Haim, Meredith Salenger, Jason Robards, Piper Laurie, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Driving Miss Daisy, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Beresford, cast is Morgan Freeman, Jessica Tandy, Dan Aykroyd, Esther Rolle, Patti LuPone, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Drugstore Cowboy, ethnicity is American, director is Gus Van Sant, cast is Matt Dillon, Kelly Lynch, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is A Dry White Season, ethnicity is American, director is Euzhan Palcy, cast is Donald Sutherland, Marlon Brando, Susan Sarandon, Janet Suzman, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Eat a Bowl of Tea, ethnicity is American, director is Wayne Wang, cast is Cora Miao, Russel Wong, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Eddie and the Cruisers II: Eddie Lives!, ethnicity is American, director is Jean-Claude Lord, cast is Michael Paré, Marina Orsini, Matthew Laurance, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Edge of Sanity, ethnicity is American, director is Gérard Kikoïne, cast is Anthony Perkins, Glynis Barber, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Enemies, a Love Story, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Mazursky, cast is Ron Silver, Anjelica Huston, Lena Olin, Margaret Sophie Stein, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is The Experts, ethnicity is American, director is Dave Thomas, cast is John Travolta, Arye Gross, Kelly Preston, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is The Fabulous Baker Boys, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Kloves, cast is Jeff Bridges, Beau Bridges, Michelle Pfeiffer, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Family Business, ethnicity is American, director is Sidney Lumet, cast is Sean Connery, Dustin Hoffman, Matthew Broderick, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Farewell to the King, ethnicity is American, director is John Milius, cast is Nick Nolte, Nigel Havers, Frank McRae, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Fat Man and Little Boy, ethnicity is American, director is Roland Joffé, cast is Paul Newman, Dwight Schultz, Bonnie Bedelia, John Cusack, genre is docudrama. Release year is 1989, title is Field of Dreams, ethnicity is American, director is Phil Alden Robinson, cast is Kevin Costner, Amy Madigan, James Earl Jones, Ray Liotta, Burt Lancaster, Timothy Busfield, Gaby Hoffmann, genre is drama, fantasy. Release year is 1989, title is Fletch Lives, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Ritchie, cast is Chevy Chase, R. Lee Ermey, Hal Holbrook, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is The Fly II, ethnicity is American, director is Chris Walas, cast is Eric Stoltz, Daphne Zuniga, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1989, title is Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan, ethnicity is American, director is Rob Hedden, cast is Jensen Daggett, Scott Reeves, Kane Hodder, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Ghostbusters II, ethnicity is American, director is Ivan Reitman, cast is Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Sigourney Weaver, Harold Ramis, Rick Moranis, Ernie Hudson, Annie Potts, Peter MacNicol, genre is comedy, science fiction. Release year is 1989, title is Gleaming the Cube, ethnicity is American, director is Graeme Clifford, cast is Christian Slater, Steven Bauer, Tony Hawk, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Glory, ethnicity is American, director is Edward Zwick, cast is Matthew Broderick, Denzel Washington, Morgan Freeman, Cary Elwes, Andre Braugher, genre is drama, war. Release year is 1989, title is Going Overboard, ethnicity is American, director is Valerie Breiman, cast is Adam Sandler, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Great Balls of Fire!, ethnicity is American, director is Jim McBride, cast is Dennis Quaid, Winona Ryder, John Doe, Alec Baldwin, genre is comedy, biography. Release year is 1989, title is Gross Anatomy, ethnicity is American, director is Thom Eberhardt, cast is Matthew Modine, Daphne Zuniga, Christine Lahti, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1989, title is Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers, ethnicity is American, director is Dominique Othenin-Girard, cast is Donald Pleasence, Danielle Harris, Ellie Cornell, Wendy Kaplan, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Harlem Nights, ethnicity is American, director is Eddie Murphy, cast is Eddie Murphy, Richard Pryor, Danny Aiello, Redd Foxx, Jasmine Guy, Michael Lerner, Stan Shaw, Arsenio Hall, genre is crime drama, comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Heart of Dixie, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Davidson, cast is Ally Sheedy, Virginia Madsen, Phoebe Cates, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Heathers, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Lehmann, cast is Winona Ryder, Christian Slater, Shannen Doherty, Kim Walker, Lisanne Falk, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Her Alibi, ethnicity is American, director is Bruce Beresford, cast is Tom Selleck, Paulina Porizkova, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Hit List, ethnicity is American, director is William Lustig, cast is Jan-Michael Vincent, Lance Henriksen, genre is action. Release year is 1989, title is Homer and Eddie, ethnicity is American, director is Andrei Konchalovsky, cast is Whoopi Goldberg, Jim Belushi, genre is comedy drama. Release year is 1989, title is Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Johnston, cast is Rick Moranis, Matt Frewer, Marcia Strassman, Kristine Sutherland, genre is family comedy. Release year is 1989, title is The Horror Show, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Isaac, cast is Lance Henriksen, Brion James, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is How I Got into College, ethnicity is American, director is Savage Steve Holland, cast is Anthony Edwards, Lara Flynn Boyle, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Howling V: The Rebirth, ethnicity is American, director is Neal Sundstrom, cast is Phil Davis, Victoria Caitlin, Clive Turner,, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Identity Crisis, ethnicity is American, director is Melvin van Peebles, cast is Mario van Peebles, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Immediate Family, ethnicity is American, director is Jonathan Kaplan, cast is Glenn Close, James Woods, Mary Stuart Masterson, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is In Country, ethnicity is American, director is Norman Jewison, cast is Bruce Willis, Emily Lloyd, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Spielberg, cast is Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody, Julian Glover, John Rhys-Davies, River Phoenix, genre is action adventure. Release year is 1989, title is An Innocent Man, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Yates, cast is Tom Selleck, David Rasche, Laila Robins, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Intruder, ethnicity is American, director is Scott Spiegel, cast is Renee Estevez, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Jacknife, ethnicity is American, director is David Jones, cast is Robert De Niro, Ed Harris, Kathy Baker, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is The January Man, ethnicity is American, director is Pat O'Connor, cast is Kevin Kline, Susan Sarandon, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Harvey Keitel, Danny Aiello, Rod Steiger, genre is comedy, mystery. Release year is 1989, title is Johnny Handsome, ethnicity is American, director is Walter Hill, cast is Mickey Rourke, Lance Henriksen, Ellen Barkin, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is K-9, ethnicity is American, director is Rod Daniel, cast is James Belushi, Mel Harris, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is The Karate Kid, Part III, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Ralph Macchio, Pat Morita, Thomas Ian Griffith, genre is action. Release year is 1989, title is Kill Me Again, ethnicity is American, director is John Dahl, cast is Val Kilmer, Joanne Whalley, Michael Madsen, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects, ethnicity is American, director is J. Lee Thompson, cast is Charles Bronson, Perry Lopez, genre is action. Release year is 1989, title is Last Exit to Brooklyn, ethnicity is American, director is Uli Edel, cast is Jennifer Jason Leigh, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Lean on Me, ethnicity is American, director is John G. Avildsen, cast is Morgan Freeman, Lynne Thigpen, Robert Guillaume, genre is biography, drama. Release year is 1989, title is Let It Ride, ethnicity is American, director is Joe Pytka, cast is Richard Dreyfuss, Teri Garr, Jennifer Tilly, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Lethal Weapon 2, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Donner, cast is Mel Gibson, Danny Glover, Joe Pesci, genre is action, comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Leviathan, ethnicity is American, director is George Pan Cosmatos, cast is Peter Weller, Richard Crenna, Amanda Pays, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Limit Up, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Martini, cast is Nancy Allen, Ray Charles, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Listen to Me, ethnicity is American, director is Douglas Day Stewart, cast is Kirk Cameron, Jami Gertz, Roy Scheider, Christopher Atkins, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is The Little Mermaid, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Clements, John Musker, cast is voices of Jodi Benson, Pat Carroll, Buddy Hackett, genre is animated. Release year is 1989, title is Little Monsters, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Greenberg, cast is Fred Savage, Daniel Stern, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Lock Up, ethnicity is American, director is John Flynn, cast is Sylvester Stallone, Donald Sutherland, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Lonesome Dove, ethnicity is American, director is Simon Wincer, cast is Robert Duvall, Tommy Lee Jones, Diane Lane, Danny Glover, Anjelica Huston, Robert Urich, Rick Schroeder, D. B. Sweeney, Frederic Forrest, Glenne Headly, Barry Corbin, Chris Cooper, genre is western. Release year is 1989, title is Look Who's Talking, ethnicity is American, director is Amy Heckerling, cast is John Travolta, Kirstie Alley, Olympia Dukakis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Lords of the Deep, ethnicity is American, director is Mary Ann Fisher, cast is Bradford Dillman, Priscilla Barnes, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1989, title is Lost Angels, ethnicity is American, director is Hugh Hudson, cast is Donald Sutherland, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Loverboy, ethnicity is American, director is Joan Micklin Silver, cast is Patrick Dempsey, Kate Jackson, Kirstie Alley, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Major League, ethnicity is American, director is David S. Ward, cast is Tom Berenger, Charlie Sheen, Corbin Bernsen, Rene Russo, Wesley Snipes, Bob Uecker, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is The Mighty Quinn, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Schenkel, cast is Denzel Washington, Robert Townsend, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Mike Hammer: Murder Takes All, ethnicity is American, director is John Nicolella, cast is Stacy Keach, Lynda Carter, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Millennium, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Anderson, cast is Kris Kristofferson, Cheryl Ladd, Daniel J. Travanti, Robert Joy, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1989, title is Miss Firecracker, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas Schlamme, cast is Holly Hunter, Tim Robbins, Mary Steenburgen, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Moontrap, ethnicity is American, director is Robert Dyke, cast is Walter Koenig, Bruce Campbell, genre is sci-fi. Release year is 1989, title is Music Box, ethnicity is American, director is Costa-Gavras, cast is Jessica Lange, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Frederic Forrest, Lukas Haas, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is My Name is Bill W., ethnicity is American, director is Daniel Petrie, cast is James Garner, James Woods, JoBeth Williams, genre is drama, biography. Release year is 1989, title is Mystery Train, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Jarmusch, cast is Youki Kudoh, Masatoshi Nagase, genre is anthology, drama. Release year is 1989, title is National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation, ethnicity is American, director is Jeremiah S. Chechik, cast is Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Juliette Lewis, Randy Quaid, Johnny Galecki, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is New York Stories, ethnicity is American, director is Martin Scorsese, Francis Ford Coppola, Woody Allen, cast is Nick Nolte, Rosanna Arquette, Giancarlo Giannini, Talia Shire, Heather McComb, Mae Questel, Woody Allen, Mia Farrow, genre is anthology. Release year is 1989, title is Next of Kin, ethnicity is American, director is John Irvin, cast is Patrick Swayze, Liam Neeson, Adam Baldwin, Helen Hunt, Bill Paxton, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Night Game, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Masterson, cast is Roy Scheider, Karen Young, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child, ethnicity is American, director is Stephen Hopkins, cast is Robert Englund, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is No Holds Barred, ethnicity is American, director is Thomas Wright, cast is Hulk Hogan, Joan Severance, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Nowhere to Run, ethnicity is American, director is Carl Franklin, cast is David Carradine, Matt Adler, genre is action. Release year is 1989, title is Offerings, ethnicity is American, director is Christopher Reynolds, cast is Loretta Leigh Bowman, Tobe Sexton, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Old Gringo, ethnicity is American, director is Luis Puenzo, cast is Jane Fonda, Gregory Peck, Jimmy Smits, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Out of the Dark, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Shroeder, cast is Karen Witter, Karen Black, Bud Cort, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is The Package, ethnicity is American, director is Andrew Davis, cast is Gene Hackman, Joanna Cassidy, Tommy Lee Jones, John Heard, Dennis Franz, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Parenthood, ethnicity is American, director is Ron Howard, cast is Steve Martin, Mary Steenburgen, Dianne Wiest, Keanu Reeves, Martha Plimpton, Jason Robards, Rick Moranis, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Parents, ethnicity is American, director is Bob Balaban, cast is Randy Quaid, Mary Beth Hurt, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Penn & Teller Get Killed, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Penn, cast is Penn and Teller, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Pet Sematary, ethnicity is American, director is Mary Lambert, cast is Dale Midkiff, Fred Gwynne, Denise Crosby, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is The Phantom of the Opera: The Motion Picture, ethnicity is American, director is Dwight H. Little, cast is Robert Englund, Jill Schoelen, Bill Nighy, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Physical Evidence, ethnicity is American, director is Michael Crichton, cast is Burt Reynolds, Theresa Russell, Ned Beatty, genre is crime thriller. Release year is 1989, title is Pink Cadillac, ethnicity is American, director is Buddy Van Horn, cast is Clint Eastwood, Bernadette Peters, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Police Academy 6: City Under Siege, ethnicity is American, director is Peter Bonerz, cast is Bubba Smith, Michael Winslow, Leslie Easterbrook, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is The Preppie Murder, ethnicity is American, director is John Herzfeld, cast is William Baldwin, Lara Flynn Boyle, Danny Aiello, Joanna Kerns, William Devane, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is Pumpkinhead, ethnicity is American, director is Stan Winston, cast is Lance Henriksen, Jeff East, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is The Punisher, ethnicity is American, director is Mark Goldblatt, cast is Dolph Lundgren, genre is action. Release year is 1989, title is Puppet Master, ethnicity is American, director is David Schmoeller, cast is Paul LeMat, William Hickey, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is R.O.T.O.R., ethnicity is American, director is Cullen Blaine, cast is Richard Gesswein, Jayne Smith, genre is science fiction. Release year is 1989, title is Red Scorpion, ethnicity is American, director is Joseph Zito, cast is Dolph Lundgren, M. Emmet Walsh, genre is war, action. Release year is 1989, title is Relentless, ethnicity is American, director is William Lustig, cast is Judd Nelson, Robert Loggia, Meg Foster, genre is crime. Release year is 1989, title is Renegades, ethnicity is American, director is Jack Sholder, cast is Lou Diamond Phillips, Kiefer Sutherland, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Road House, ethnicity is American, director is Rowdy Herrington, cast is Patrick Swayze, Kelly Lynch, Sam Elliott, Ben Gazzara, genre is action. Release year is 1989, title is Say Anything, ethnicity is American, director is Cameron Crowe, cast is John Cusack, Ione Skye, John Mahoney, Lili Taylor, genre is romantic comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Scenes from the Class Struggle in Beverly Hills, ethnicity is American, director is Paul Bartel, cast is Jacqueline Bisset, Mary Woronov, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Sea of Love, ethnicity is American, director is Harold Becker, cast is Al Pacino, Ellen Barkin, John Goodman, genre is crime drama. Release year is 1989, title is See No Evil, Hear No Evil, ethnicity is American, director is Arthur Hiller, cast is Gene Wilder, Richard Pryor, Joan Severance, Kevin Spacey, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is See You in the Morning, ethnicity is American, director is Alan J. Pakula, cast is Jeff Bridges, Alice Krige, Farrah Fawcett, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Sex, Lies, and Videotape, ethnicity is American, director is Steven Soderbergh, cast is James Spader, Andie MacDowell, Peter Gallagher, Laura San Giacomo, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Shag, ethnicity is American, director is Zelda Barron, cast is Phoebe Cates, Bridget Fonda, Annabeth Gish, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Shakedown, ethnicity is American, director is James Glickenhaus, cast is Peter Weller, Sam Elliott, genre is crime drama, action. Release year is 1989, title is She's Out of Control, ethnicity is American, director is Stan Dragoti, cast is Tony Danza, Ami Dolenz, Catherine Hicks, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is She-Devil, ethnicity is American, director is Susan Seidelman, cast is Meryl Streep, Roseanne Barr, Ed Begley, Jr., genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Shocker, ethnicity is American, director is Wes Craven, cast is Mitch Pileggi, Michael Murphy, genre is thriller. Release year is 1989, title is Silent Night, Deadly Night 3: Better Watch Out!, ethnicity is American, director is Monte Hellman, cast is Richard Beymer, Laura Harring, genre is thriller. Release year is 1989, title is Sinbad of the Seven Seas, ethnicity is American, director is Enzo G. Castellari, cast is Lou Ferrigno, John Steiner, genre is adventure. Release year is 1989, title is Sing, ethnicity is American, director is Richard Baskin, cast is Lorraine Bracco, Peter Dobson, Jessica Steen, genre is musical. Release year is 1989, title is Skin Deep, ethnicity is American, director is Blake Edwards, cast is John Ritter, Alyson Reed, Vincent Gardenia, genre is comedy. Release year is 1989, title is Slaves of New York, ethnicity is American, director is James Ivory, cast is Bernadette Peters, Adam Coleman Howard, Chris Sarandon, genre is comedy, drama. Release year is 1989, title is Sleepaway Camp III: Teenage Wasteland, ethnicity is American, director is Michael A. Simpson, cast is Pamela Springsteen, Tracy Griffith, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Snake Eater, ethnicity is American, director is George Erschbamer, cast is Lorenzo Lamas, genre is drama. Release year is 1989, title is Society, ethnicity is American, director is Brian Yuzna, cast is Billy Warlock, Devin DeVasquez, genre is horror. Release year is 1989, title is Speed Zone, ethnicity is American, director is Jim Drake, cast is John Candy, Eugene Levy, Joe Flaherty, Brooke Shields, genre is comedy. 