

Terms and Conditions
The terms and conditions set out below detail how Best Expats Cover can be used. If the Best Expats Cover website hereinafter referred to as 'the website' is used, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not accept any of the terms and conditions stated below, you should not use the website. By using the website, you undertake that you are aged 18 years or older.

Best Expats Cover is an online information source for medical insurance. Best Expats Cover provides a free medical insurance quote referral service. It is owned by E-Prospects Media DMCC.

Alterations to these terms and conditions can be made on occasion and once published, these alterations will become immediately effective.

E-Prospects Media DMCC makes no guarantees and is not responsible for:

The accuracy of the content of any third party material that appears on the Best Expats Cover website (this includes content that may or may not be identified by Best Expats Cover as third party material)
The quality of any third party services that may be featured on the Best Expats Cover website
The content of any third party website that links from the website
Any financial information featured on the website or accessed via a link from the website is not considered to be financial advice from E-Prospects Media DMCC.

Any issues that may arise from contact or communication with third parties accessed from the website are not the responsibility of E-Prospects Media DMCC.

Any entry into a third party's terms and conditions are wholly separate to the terms and conditions undertaken when using Best Expats Cover. We recommend when entering into a third party's terms and conditions, independent advice is sought. Also before entering into any agreement with a third party we recommend that you read the terms and conditions of the third party. E-Prospects Media DMCC is not liable for any loss or damages that arise from the advice or the contract between the third party and person applying for a quote via Best Expats Cover.

Should E-Prospects Media DMCC receive remunerations as a result of your use of third party services accessed from the website, it in no way indicates an exclusive partnership or agency relationship with that third party. E-Prospects Media DMCC offers a free service.

Intellectual Property
The copyright and intellectual property (IP) rights of all of the material published on the website; website design; corporate identity; text and graphics; and all software compilations, source code and software belong to E-Prospects Media DMCC. All rights are reserved.

Permission must be secured prior to the reproduction or redistribution of material from the website. Single printouts can be made for personal, non-commercial use. Adaptations or alterations to content from the website in addition to unauthorised links are also not permitted.

E-Prospects Media DMCC owns the rights to Best Expats Cover. All other company names and products belong to their respective owners.

Information from the website must not be used for illegal or immoral use.

Liability Obligations
E-Prospects Media DMCC does all it can to ensure data on the website is accurate and endeavours to immediately correct any inaccuracies as soon as the company is made aware of them. To the extent allowed by law, E-Prospects Media DMCC is not responsible for inaccuracies published on the website.

E-Prospects Media DMCC does not validate, monitor or endorse any third party information submitted to the website and as such, this information could be inaccurate. E-Prospects Media DMCC does not validate, monitor or endorse the data or quotations collected from third parties as presented to you on the search results page.

E-Prospects Media DMCC is not responsible for any harmful effect on technology that may result from using the website nor does E-Prospects Media DMCC give any warranty that the website is free from viruses. In addition, E-Prospects Media DMCC is excluded from liability should any losses or claims occur as a result of your inability to access the website, or from any use of the website or reliance on data published on the website to the extent permitted by law.

Nothing stated within these terms and conditions excludes or limits our liability for fraud or excludes or limits our liability under the FSMA (Financial Services and Markets Act 2000).

E-Prospects Media DMCC excludes liability for any loss or damage of any kind arising without limiting any direct, indirect, disciplinary or significant loss. E-Prospects Media DMCC shall have no liability to pay any money by way of compensation.

Termination of Agreement
Should any of the terms and conditions stated be breached, E-Prospects Media DMCC has the right to terminate the agreement and immediately remove, cancel or suspend access to and use of the website.

All disclaimers, indemnities and exclusions stated within these terms and conditions shall survive termination of the agreement between us for any reason.

E-Prospects Media DMCC is not liable for failure to undertake any obligation under this agreement if failure results from events out of its control, including without limitation Internet/telecoms outages, fire, flood, war and acts of God.

General Information
The website must not be used for business purposes.

Should any provision of the agreement be held unlawful or invalid, that provision shall be deemed severed. Where relevant, the validity of the remaining provision of the agreement will not be affected.

Should E-Prospects Media DMCC not enforce any provision of this agreement, such will not be considered a waiver of any provision or right.

Use of the website and these terms are subject to the laws of England which shall exclusively govern the interpretation, application and effect of all the above permissions, exclusions, licenses and conditions of use and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.